Little Italy Days | Italian Festival Region's Largest Heritage Festival Celebrating Our Roots & Supporting Bloomfield Businesses 2025 Dates Thursday August 14, 5:00pm-9:00pm • Friday August 15, noon-9:00pm • Saturday August 16 noon-9:00pm • Sunday August 17, noon-5:00pm 4 Days • 3 Packed Stages • Over 30 Acts! All Italian...All Spectacular...All Free! Official Sponsors Stage & Entertainment Sponsors Sponsored in part Get The VIP Experience! $19.95 for one, $34.95 for two VIP Experience Includes: 1 Little Italy Days T-Shirt 1 Slice of Pizza from Caliente Pizza 1 Bottle of water VIP Restroom Access Access to VIP tent for seating near main stage and to relax with shelter from the sun. BUY VIP EXPERIENCE Location In Pittsburgh, PA on Liberty avenue in Bloomfield. From Ella St. to Gross St. Parking & Seating Please do not park in the permitted residential parking spaces in Bloomfield, respect the limited parking available for residents. Also, you will be ticketed. Use one of these options. Limited seating is available, bring lawn chairs to be sure of getting a seat. In Partnership We are pleased to support Bloomfield Alliance, Bloomfield Business Network, Bloomfield Citizens Council, and Bloomfield Development Corporation. Italians vs. Irish Celebrity Bocce Tournament The Italians continued their winning streak for a third straight year! Come and see who takes the trophy home for 2023! Click image to view gallery Celebrity Bocce Challenge - Politicians and media personalities compete on the bocce court! Little Italy Days Bocce Tournament – Our annual tournament will be held on Saturday and Sunday. If you’d like to enter a team, reach out to Corrado or Adam at littleitalydaysbocce@gmail.com or 412-480-5918/412-600-5702 for details. The entry fee is $150 per team. The tournament will be double elimination and begins at 10 AM on Saturday morning and continues Sunday morning at 9AM. Teams must arrive by 9:30AM Saturday for bracket drawing, no exceptions.The bocce court is located on Cedarville Street next to the Pleasure Bar. Miss Little Italy Pagaent The Miss Little Italy is a family-oriented festival pageant, celebrating a special Bloomfield tradition. Contestants DO NOT need to be of Italian heritage or reside in the city of Pittsburgh. Event Fee: $35.00 for first child. Includes a participation gift for all. Miss Little Italy Winners receive a crown, sash & flowers. Download Miss Little Italy Application Sunday, July 28, 2019, Hillcrest Country Club, Lower Burrell This event looks to celebrate all things Italian with lighthearted references to “The Godfather” movie, all while benefitting the Bruno and Carol Sammartino Foundation , whose mission is to provide those they serve with food, shelter, and services to ease their burdens of life’s basic necessities. Golf will begin promptly at 1:30 with a shotgun start, scramble format, with trophies awarded to lowest score. There will also be a separate bocce tournament held. This will also begin at 1:30, and will be limited to 10-4 man teams The events will be followed with cocktails(cash bar), music, Italian buffet dinner, and short dinner program. Program will be hosted by KDKA Radio Morning News host, and Pittsburgh’s favorite non-Italian(but is married to one!), Larry Richert. Download Entry Form Download Flyer Cartoon Headquarters Kid's Fun Zone Area! Bring the kids and enjoy the fun! Inflatables, games, meet-and-greets with Lilo & Stitch and the Smurfs! Don't forget the dinosaur nursery live, where you can ride a real-life dinosaur! Plus 9 hole mini golf course for kids! Located in the First Commonwealth Bank parking lot Friday through Sunday!

Entertainment Schedule | Little Italy Days Entertainment Schedule (subject to change) Thursday, August 14 First National Bank Stage at Cedarville & Liberty 5:30pm Jerry DeMaria - Singing Italian songs, Sinatra, Dean Martin, Louis Prima and more! 6:00pm Celebrity Bocce Tournament - Pittsburgh politicians Irish vs Italians plus Pittsburgh media/entertainment personalities Friday, August 15 First National Bank Stage at Cedarville & Liberty 5:30pm Marco Fiorante Direct from Italy - Lyric tenor from Cellino San Marco, Italy singing Italian Opera 6:30pm Bon Journey - Tribute to Bon Jovi and Journey—Jon Bon Jovi is Italian! Saturday, August 16 First National Bank Stage at Cedarville & Liberty 12:15pm Rand Galioto as Elvis - Pittsburgh's #1 Elvis Impersonator, Bloomfield based 2:00pm Best Pizza in Bloomfield Competition - Featuring Angelo's Pizzeria, Caliente Pizza & Draft House, and Pizza Italia 2:15pm Bloomfield Alliance Presents Bloomfield Memories & Trivia - Hosted by Rick DeCarlo, also honoring lifetime community commitment awards to Janet Scullion and Sister Mary John 3:30pm John Lupone - Italian Opera Vocalist, Bloomfield native 6:00pm Magic Moments - Pittsburgh's #1 Oldies Band, Bloomfield based Froggy's Stage at Taylor & Liberty 12:30pm Cat Tedder - Powerful vocalist singing Italian songs and pop hits of yesterday and today 3:00pm Pizza Acrobatics - 2x World Champion Matt Hickey of Caliente Pizza & Draft House 4:00pm The Nation's #1 Earth, Wind & Fire Tribute Band - Let's Groove Tonight 7:00pm Mia Z - Finalist from NBC's The Voice performing with her band First Commonwealth Stage at Gross & Liberty 12:00pm East End Kids - Pittsburgh's premiere teen song & dance ensemble 1:30pm Joni Marie - Soprano opera vocalist 3:00pm Elias Khouri - Talented young guitarist and vocalist 6:30pm Bloomfield Boyz -One of Pittsburgh's best oldies and variety bands, Bloomfield based Sunday, August 17 First National Bank Stage at Cedarville & Liberty 12:00pm Dom & Eva - Italian, pop, and much more! 2:30pm Mirella the Musician - Authentic Italian Accordionist Froggy's Stage at Taylor & Liberty 12:00pm Sloane Simon - Finalist from NBC's The Voice 2:30pm Tribute to Gloria Estefan and the Disco Divas 3:30pm America’s #1 Jacksons Tribute Band Dancing Machine - Performing the music of Michael, Janet, and the Jackson 5 First Commonwealth Stage at Gross & Liberty 11:00pm Miss Little Italy Pagaent 2:00pm Mojo Hand - High-energy band with killer grooves, Bloomfield based Accordionist Hank Edwardo strolling throughout the event Kids Zone & Character Appearances! Located in First Commonwealth Bank lot at 4900 Liberty Ave. Saturday & Sunday COCOMELON - Saturday, August 21, 5-6pm • SPACE JAM - Sunday, August 22, 12-1pm • PAW PATROL - Sunday, August 22, 2-3pm

Vendor | Little Italy Days BECOME A VENDOR DOWNLOAD VENDOR APPLICATION VIEW SETUP INFORMATION Fill out the form below or call Sal 412-377-2923 Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message ALLEGHENY COUNTY TEMP HEALTH PERMIT BLOOMFIELD BUSINESS APPLICATION STREET MAP If you need insurance, contact Michael Vitanovich at 412-956-6735

Getting Around | Little Italy Days Important Information – Parking – Street Closures & More Info Tent & Portajohns INFO TENT is located next to First National Bank at Cedarville & Liberty PORTAJOHNS are located at each intersection along the festival footprint View map of portajohn locations Parking FREE Parking at UPMC Luna Garage, enter through front entrance at 5111 Baum Blvd, you can exit through the back for a short walk 2 blocks up Gross St…Saturday 12:00pm-9:00pm and Sunday 12:00pm-5:00pm. Parking courtesy of UPMC FREE Parking Saturday and Sunday courtesy of UPMC UPMC Aiken Ave garage at 520 S. Aiken Ave Center Ave garage at 5200 Center Ave UPMC Urgent Care lot at 5231 Center Ave FREE PARKING at Garage at Liberty & Aspen Saturday & Sunday courtesy of West Penn Hospital PAID PARKING at the lot at 718 State Way PAID PARKING at Cedarville & Taylor St. lots Thursday through Sunday VENDOR PARKING behind St. Maria Goretti on pearl in lot NEXT to church lot, vendor parking also at St. Maria Goretti lot on Edmond St behind PNC Bank Saturday and Sunday There are other free and paid parking spaces around the festival footprint. Street Closures Starting Wednesday, August 13 at 6:00pm PARKING SPOTS on Liberty from Ella St. to Winebiddle St. will be closed, street will be open. Saturday, August 16 10:00am until Sunday, August 17 11:59pm: •Liberty Ave. will be closed from Taylor St. to Gross St. Closed throughout the festival (Thursday, August 14 – Sunday, August 17): • Saphire Way • Pearl St. – next to Citizen’s Bank from Liberty to Corday Way & next to First National Bank • Garnet Way • Cedarville St. – next to the Pleasure Bar from Liberty to Corday Way • State Way • Edmond St. – next to PNC from Liberty to Corday Way Taylor St., Mathilda St. and Millvale Ave. will remain open Detours will be clearly marked on street signage Dogs We don’t recommend bringing dogs because of the size and density of the crowd, both for the safety of your pet and the attendees. Of course service dogs are always welcome. Biking Bikes can be locked to the parking lot fence on Liberty Ave between Gross and Winebiddle. On Thursday & Friday we strongly encourage cyclists to use the vehicle detours. If you choose to ride through Liberty Ave., you will have to share lanes with vehicles. Liberty Ave. will be closed Saturday & Sunday. Healthy Ride Bike Share has 3 stations in Bloomfield and Bike Pittsburgh has maps and other resources for cyclists. Alternative Transportation Leave the car at home and take alternative transportation to the festival! Uber & Lyft are great ways to avoid the hassle of parking at Little Italy Days. The Port Authority of Allegheny County will have 5 convenient alternative bus routes near Liberty ave.

FAQ | Little Italy Days WHEN IS LITTLE ITALY DAYS? August 14, 15, 16 & 17, 2025 WHAT ARE THE HOURS OF THE FESTIVAL? Thursday 5:00pm-9:00pm, Friday noon-9:00pm, Saturday noon-9:00pm and Sunday noon-5:00pm IS IT FREE? Yes, Little Italy Days is completely free to attend! WHERE IS LITTLE ITALY DAYS? On Liberty Ave in the Bloomfield, Pittsburgh PA. The center of the festival is near First National Bank at 4724 Liberty Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15224 ARE THE LOCAL BUSINESSES OPEN DURING THE EVENT? Yes, we encourage you to patronize local Bloomfield businesses while at Little Italy Days and throughout the year! WHERE ARE THE RESTROOMS? Portable restrooms are located at every intersection throughout the festival. ARE EVENTS CANCELED DUE TO RAIN? The festival is rain or shine, however, depending on the severity of the weather acts may be canceled or rescheduled for the safety of the performers. IS THERE PARKING? Detailed parking options are listed Parking & Street Closures section of the website. ARE BICYCLES PERMITTED? On Saturday & Sunday Liberty Ave will be open only to pedestrians, but biking is a great way to get to the festival and avoid the hassle of parking. Bike parking will be available at both ends of the festival – at Liberty & Aspen and Liberty & Taylor. CAN I BRING MY DOG? We don’t recommend bringing dogs because of the size and density of the crowd. Of course service dogs are always welcome.

About Us | Little Italy Days About Us Big Day Entertainment Little Italy Days started in 2002 to celebrate Bloomfield’s Italian heritage, and create a destination spot for Italian-themed entertainment and food. The event has grown through the years and is now lasts four days. Sal Richetti, who was born and raised in Bloomfield has produced the event since 2012. Sal grew up in Bloomfield, attended Immaculate Conception grade school and Central Catholic High School. He is a local musician who has been performing for over 30 years in the tri-state area, and is the owner of Big Day Entertainment, located in the Strip District, since 1995. He is no stranger to the festival, having booked the entertainment in previous years. In 2013 he expanded it to four days. Previously, the event was always held in September, since 2013 it has mooved to August. “I wanted to give vendors more opportunity with the longer daylight, additionally; there is less chance of cold weather” “I am excited and honored to produce this community oriented event in the community where I was born and raised. I want to be able to produce Little Italy Days so the businesses can benefit from the large crowds and everyone else including residents, organizations, schools and churches can become involved.” Sponsors of Little Italy Days include Official Sponsors – Highmark & Allegheny Health Network, Stage Sponsor – Rohrich Shadyside Honda. Additional Sponsors include UPMC Shadyside, Children’s Hospital of UPMC, PNC Bank, First National Bank, Mascaro, Pittsburgh Brewing Co. First Commonwealth Bank and Froggy’s.

Bloomfield-Businesses | Little Italy Days Shop Bloomfield Businesses Bloomfield is filled with amazing local busineses, make sure you check them out during the festival and throughout the year! Highmark For some 75 years, we have helped build healthier, stronger communities. Let us be your partner in good health — at your doctor’s office, at your workplace, at home and in your community. View Website Allegheny Health Network At Allegheny Health Network (AHN), we put our patients first. You get the right care at the right time in your neighborhood and throughout western Pennsylvania. And it’s personalized according to your needs. View Website UPMC A passion for innovation lies at the heart of UPMC’s success. UPMC’s unique strategy of combining clinical and research excellence with business-like discipline translates into high-quality patient care for both western Pennsylvanians and the global community. View Website Pleasure Bar Since 1941, The Pleasure Bar has been providing spirits in Pittsburgh. Saddled with more tradition than can be put into words, our staff is committed to maintaining one of the longest standing destinations in the city. View Website Angelo's Pizzeria Angelo’s pizzeria is a privately owned local pizza establishment in the heart of Bloomfield,or Little Italy. We use fresh ingredients and value the “qualita” of our pizza. As “Master Pizzero”, I have been making great pizza for our valued customers for over 30 years. View Website ﻿​ Dan Cercone Barber Shop Classic barber shop in the heart of Bloomfield at 4720 Liberty Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15224. (412) 621-7797 Groceria Italiana The Oldest Neighborhood Italian Store in Pittsburgh, which is located in Pittsburgh’s “Little Italy” . Watch the Making of Pasta and Ravioli right before your Eyes! The freshest Lunchmeat, which is cut to order. Handmade Tuscan BreadPies and the Best “Lunch-to-Go in Town. Located at 227 Cedarville Street (Chrisopher Columbus Way). Call 412.681.1227 View Facebook Page Lot 17 We welcome the new comers, the regulars, the young and the old, we don’t have a preference, you don’t have to fit any mold. From beer, whiskey, soda and tea — no judgments are made, for this you will see. Burgers, fries, salads, & soup too, why not bring a friend or maybe the whole crew. So whether you’re bored, hungry, or out for a good time, remember to keep Lot 17 in mind. View Website Bloomfield Drug Store BLOOMFIELD DRUG STORE is your locally owned HEALTH MART pharmacy. We continue to do our very best to earn your trust and look forward to being your pharmacy. We have survived the competion, the corporate chains and mass grocery store outlets by taking the time to know you and your individual situations. As Health Mart pharmacists we know there’s nothing more important than your family’s health. CARE, QUALITY, VALUE, EXPERTISE and DEDICATION – PLUS all the services your family need and deserve! View Website Caliente Pizza & Draft House #1 Craft Beer Bar in Pittsburgh with hard to source beers from across the country & around the world. With 24 Rotating Taps & Over 150 different bottles of beer. Winners of the International Pizza Expo in Las Vegas NV in 2016, 2017 & 2018. Home of the Worlds Best Pan Pizza. Dine-In, Delivery & Take Out. View Website Exercise Warehouse Gym Exercise Warehouse Gym offers the finest facility in the Pittsburgh area. Health conscious individuals, both men and women who take weight training seriously, achieve their goals here. Beginners, intermediates and advanced trainees all train here. Personal trainers are available. View Website Froggy's Bar Located on Liberty Avenue in historic Bloomfield, Froggy’s Bar is the area’s next fun night out. With great live music and entertainment, all your favorite sports, and the best popcorn in town, we have the classic pub charm with a new age twist. Froggy’s is the perfect Pittsburgh spot! Hop on by. View Website Lou's Little Corner Bar Great neighborhood bar in Blomfield, located at 4924 Liberty Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15224 View Facebook Page State Farm Insurance Agent Mike Newell I am your State Farm Insurance Agent for the Pittsburgh area. My Team and I enjoy assisting residents relocating to the Pittsburgh, PA area! We focus on Auto Insurance, Homeowner’s Insurance, Renter’s Insurance, Life Insurance, and Business Insurance throughout Pittsburgh and the surrounding Pennsylvania areas! Call or stop by the office for a free Car Insurance or Home Insurance Quote in Pittsburgh, PA! View Website Allure Welcome to Allure, a treasure trove of fashions, accessories, and jewelry from New York and around the globe. Allure Specializes in comfortable, versatile, flattering styles including many one of a kind items. We offer a unique shopping experience immersing you in exotic displays, gorgeous color, and beautiful music. Owner and artist Ellen Levick has created a gallery intertwining art and clothing evolving for each season with new shipments arriving every week. The boutique is a delight to the senses and allows customers to shop in a relaxing atmosphere. View Website Leone's Florist Our shop has an experienced certified staff, including owner, Ron Leone, who graduated from Pittsburgh’s Floral Academy in Master Design and Wedding work. Leone’s Florist specializes in flowers of European design and provides custom made arrangements using flowers from all over the world. View Website G M Dog N' Burger Fast-food cafe offering hot dogs & hamburgers, plus shakes & breakfast eats. View Facebook Page Merante Gifts Everything to make your Italian style house become a true Italian home! We offer unique gifts and gift baskets, cookies, catering, private dining and cooking classes. View Website Paddy Cake bakery Let us create your next custom birthday, wedding, or special occasion cake! View Website

Community Report | Little Italy Days Little Italy Days Community Report We are pleased to present this comprehensive report to the community from the promoter of Little Italy Days. Its purpose is to provide transparency regarding the history and current activities of Little Italy Days. This report and supporting videos are available below. View Community Report Video Showing Liberty Ave Clean After Festival Video Survey of Bloomfield Businesses

