Pittsburgh Taco Festival | Saturday, September 6th, 2025 The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival ® Celebrating TACOS! SATurday September 6 th , 2025 12:30 pm - 7:00 pm 11:30 Early Entry for Gold Ticket Holders. follow us on sponsored by Visit Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Hispanic Development Corporation (PHDC), Patrón Tequila, Tequila Cazadores, Pabst Light Beer, New Trail Brewing, PNC Bank, Brentwood. Featured Vendors: Las Palmas — Taquerias, Carnicerías y Supermercados Juniper Grill, Rattled Lemon LLC — Shaken Up Lemonade2025 Pittsburgh Taco Festival ® Venue address 2875 Railroad St, Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Stay Tuned on Social Media for official announcements PR@pghtacofest.com follow us Copyright © Pittsburgh Taco FestivaL| All Rights Reserved | PRIVACY POLICY | Website by Cipax

About the 2024 Pittsburgh Taco Festival | September 14th, 2024 About us The Pittsburgh Taco Festival ® is an annual food festival aimed at celebrating (and eating) TACOS history The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival® was founded in 2016 by Craig McCloud who sought to create an opportunity which benefitted food trucks/start-ups. The festival regularly attracts vendors from beyond the metro area, as well as visitors who plan weekend visits from New York, Ohio, Maryland, West Virginia, and beyond. Over the years, tens of thousands of people have joined us for what has become an annually anticipated cultural and community event. We hope you’ll join us, too! buy afternoon tickets buy evening tickets 2025 Pittsburgh Taco Festival ® Venue address 2875 Railroad St, Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Stay Tuned on Social Media for official announcements PR@pghtacofest.com follow us Copyright © Pittsburgh Taco FestivaL| All Rights Reserved | PRIVACY POLICY | Website by Cipax

Pittsburgh Taco Festival Vendors | 2025 Taco Festival in Pittsburgh, PA 2025 Vendors Back again is Pittsburgh’s Original Taco Festival, the oldest and tasty Taco event, with over 10,000 attendees who gather to enjoy this unique, family-friendly festival. Get ready for a day full of flavor, music, and community spirit as 2025 TacoFest brings to you all of the best tacos in one place for a fun event taking place in the Strip District’s 3 Crossings (2865 Railroad St.) on Saturday, September 6th, 2025. This special event features 25+ food trucks, authentic Latin music, Salsa dancing, bars, and more. GET YOUR TICKETS TODAY! Vendors: La Palapa Mezcal + Cocina, Las Palmas, Pupusas y Antojitos Helen (Authentic Salvadoran Cuisine), Taqueria El Pastorcito, Papelón (Venezuelan Arepa Bar), Los Gallitos LLC, El Rincón Oaxaqueño (Authentic Mexican Cuisine), Let’s Taco, Juniper Grill, Tocayo, La Catedral (Los Tacos Divinos), El Colibri LLC (Mexican Street Food), Hippies Urban Art, Clementina (Hand Made With Love), Bombshell Logistics, Rattled Lemon LLC (Shaken Up Lemonade), Kona Ice, Mi Empanada, Cilantro & Ajo (Venezuelan Street Food), Roger’s Cuisine (Events & Catering), Chamo’s Bite (Flavors of My Land), Don Polo Mexican Cuisine, BTOS Kitchen (Tacos, Cervezas y Tequila), Luke Widich Art, Cami’s Dreamland. 




The 2025 Pittsburgh Taco Festival food vendors: Cilantro y Ajo, Let’s Taco, Don Polo Mexican Food, Tacos La Catedral, Pupusas y Antojitos Helen, Rattled Lemons, Las Palmas, Los Gallitos, Chamos Bite, El Colibri, Le’s Oriental, Juniper Grill, BTOS Kitchen, Concessions by Bri, Taqueria El Pastorcito, Papelon Bistro, La Palapa, El Rincon Oaxaqueno, Roger’s Cuisine, Mi Empanada, Tocayo, Kona Ice

FAQs | 2024 Taco Festival in Pittsburgh, PA | September 14th, 2024 faqs The Pittsburgh Taco Festival ® exists to celebrate the finest handfood known to mankind! September, 6th, 2025 12:30pm - 7:00pm The Pittsburgh Taco Festival exists to celebrate the finest handfood known to mankind! September, 6th, 2025 12:30pm - 7:00pm ARE TICKETS REFUNDABLE/TRANSFERABLE? Refunds will not be issued on any tickets for any reason. Tickets can be transferred to another person other than the name listed on the ticket. DOES MY GENERAL ADMISSION TICKET INCLUDE TACOS? The price of tickets goes toward covering the costs of producing an event of this scale; including tent, table, and other rentals; entertainment; facility fees; security; etc. Vendors keep all the revenues they generate during the festival. Can I bring dogs/pets to the festival? We love dogs and pets as much as you do! However, since food is being bought/sold/consumed by many different people, we ask that you leave your four-footed loved ones at home. HOW CAN I SIGN UP TO BE A VENDOR AT THE FESTIVAL? For information about becoming a vendor at the Festival, please contact our team at vendors@pghtacofest.com . WILL TICKETS WILL BE AVAILABLE ON THE DAY OF THE EVENT? This event has sold out every year that it has been held. Tickets go on sale on June 1 at 12:00pm (In the event that any tickets do remain the day of the event, they will be sold at the box office only, on a strictly first-come-first-served basis, for $20 each). DO YOU HAVE A LIST OF VENDORS? Yes. Please see the Vendor List HERE . It will be updated as we continue to add great taco vendors, so please check back frequently. **If your favorite taqueria isn't listed, or yet confirmed, please ask them if they'll be participating in the Pittsburgh Taco Festival ® next time you visit them! WILL VENDORS BE ACCEPTING CREDIT CARD PAYMENTS? Vendors are responsible for their own menus and how they choose to accept payments. If a vendor is Cash Only, they will be required to have visible signage stating so. IS THIS A FAMILY FRIENDLY EVENT? All ages are welcome at the taco festival. Children ages 5+ require a ticket. We will have games, free face painting, and activities for their enjoyment. WILL THERE BE VEGETARIAN/VEGAN/GLUTEN-FREE OPTIONS AVAILABLE? Yes. Some of our vendors have strictly vegetarian/vegan menus. Many others have Vegetarian options on an otherwise traditional menu. Check the Vendor Page for details on the offerings from each vendor. WHO CAN I CONTACT FOR SPONSORSHIP/ADVERTISING OPPORTUNITIES? For information about sponsorship and advertising, please contact our team at PR@pghtacofest.com . WHO CAN I CONTACT ABOUT MEDIA INQUIRIES? Please send an email to pr@pghtacofest.com . We will get back in touch with you promptly. WILL PARKING BE AVAILABLE? There are ample options for both street and paid lot/garage parking throughout the Strip District. 

Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Effective date: 2024-01-05 Updated on: 2024-01-05 This Privacy Policy explains the policies of Pittsburgh Taco Festival on the collection and use of the information we collect when you access https://www.pghtacofest.com/ (the “Service”). This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights and how you are protected under privacy laws. By using our Service, you are consenting to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please do not access or use our Service if you do not consent to the collection and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of CookieScript Privacy Policy Generator . Pittsburgh Taco Festival is authorized to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. This may occur without prior notice. Pittsburgh Taco Festival will post the revised Privacy Policy on the https://www.pghtacofest.com/ website Collection and Use of Your Personal Information Information We Collect When using our Service, you will be prompted to provide us with personal information used to contact or identify you. https://www.pghtacofest.com/ collects the following information: Usage Data Name Email Mobile Number Usage Data includes the following: Internet Protocol (IP) address of computers accessing the site Web page requests Referring web pages Browser used to access site Time and date of access How We Collect Information https://www.pghtacofest.com/ collects and receives information from you in the following manner: When you fill a registration form or otherwise submit your personal information. When you interact with our Service. From external, public sources. Your information will be stored for up to 365 days after it is no longer required to provide you the services. Your information may be retained for longer periods for reporting or record- keeping in accordance with applicable laws. Information which does not identify you personally may be stored indefinitely. How We Use Your Information https://www.pghtacofest.com/ may use your information for the following purposes: Providing and maintaining our Service, as well as monitoring the usage of our Service. To contact you. Pittsburgh Taco Festival will contact you by email, phone, SMS, or another form of electronic communication related to the functions, products, services, or security updates when necessary or reasonable. Marketing and promotional initiatives. Pittsburgh Taco Festival will use non-specific information gathered from you in order to improve our marketing efforts. How We Share Your Information Pittsburgh Taco Festival will share your information, when applicable, in the following situations: With your consent. Pittsburgh Taco Festival will share your information for any purpose with your explicit consent. Third-party Sharing Any third party we share your information with must disclose the purpose for which they intend to use your information. They must retain your information only for the duration disclosed when requesting or receiving said information. The third-party service provider must not further collect, sell, or use your personal information except as necessary to perform the specified purpose. Your information may be shared to a third-party for reasons including: Analytics information. Your information might be shared with online analytics tools in order to track and analyse website traffic. If you choose to provide such information during registration or otherwise, you are giving Pittsburgh Taco Festival permission to use, share, and store that information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. Your information may be disclosed for additional reasons, including: Complying with applicable laws, regulations, or court orders. Responding to claims that your use of our Service violates third-party rights. Enforcing agreements you make with us, including this Privacy Policy. Cookies Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser. Strictly necessary cookies. Strictly necessary cookies allow core website functionality such as user login and account management. The website cannot be used properly without strictly necessary cookies. Performance cookies. Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg. analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor. Targeting cookies. Targeting cookies are used to identify visitors between different websites, eg. content partners, banner networks. Those cookies may be used by companies to build a profile of visitor interests or show relevant ads on other websites. Functionality cookies. Functionality cookies are used to remember visitor information on the website, eg. language, timezone, enhanced content. Unclassified cookies. Unclassified cookies are cookies that do not belong to any other category or are in the process of categorization. You can change your consent to cookie usage below. Security Your information’s security is important to us. https://www.pghtacofest.com/ utilizes a range of security measures to prevent the misuse, loss, or alteration of the information you have given us. However, because we cannot guarantee the security of the information you provide us, you must access our service at your own risk. Pittsburgh Taco Festival is not responsible for the performance of websites operated by third parties or your interactions with them. When you leave this website, we recommend you review the privacy practices of other websites you interact with and determine the adequacy of those practices. Contact Us For any questions, please contact us through the following methods: Name: Pittsburgh Taco Festival Address: 1040 Downlook St Pittsburgh PA USA 15201 Email: craig@pghtacofestival.com Website: https://www.pghtacofest.com/ Phone: (412) 860-9235 Copyright © Pittsburgh Taco FestivaL| All Rights Reserved | PRIVACY POLICY | Website by Cipax

