Home |   . Now On View The Scandinavian Home Coziness Awaits National Award-Winning Tour Explore Historic Clayton Immerse Yourself in 1892 Now a Nationally Registered Historic Place Preservation Tour From Home to Museum Tour Clayton Home For The Holidays Coming This November Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Step Into Another World Free To Visit Car and Carriage Museum Explore The Collection Your Next Visit Awaits If you’re looking for a serene place to watch the leaves change while sipping on a warm drink , our museums and gardens have something for everyone to do this autumn. Coziness awaits for you in The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore exhibition where domestic and mythic intertwine. You’ll delve deeper into 1892—a pivotal and complicated year for Pittsburgh and the Frick family alike—on our award-winning tour of Clayton, Gilded, Not Golden . As one of Pittsburgh’s best backyards, come relax and enjoy art, history, and nature with us all fall long! Plan your visit Today at the frick Thursday, October 9 Open 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Car and Carriage Museum view all of todays events TOUR CLAYTON Gilded, Not Golden Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. "The tour was by far one of the best I've had. The tour guide was so informative and insightful." - Martiza T. Visit Clayton Enjoy A Meal The Café at the Frick Enjoy casual dining with a picturesque view of Pittsburgh's best backyard. Sample savory lunch options, daily afternoon teas, curated coffees and cocktails, and more! View The Menu Travel Through Time The Car and Carriage Museum Travel back to the time of horse-drawn carriages, see some of the first horseless carriages to have an impact on Pittsburgh, and learn about Pittsburghâ€™s role in the developing automobile industry. Free To Visit Take A Stroll Scenic Gardens & Greenhouse The path that winds through the Frick’s 10-acre site is lined with lush gardens and a diverse selection of trees. Our active greenhouse is a renovation and partial reconstruction of one that served the Frick family from 1897 through the 1970s. Plan your visit Join & Support Members Visit Free! Join Us See & Do Upcoming Events Clayton Preservation Tour Friday, October 10 10:45 AM - 1:45 PM Explore Clayton's evolution from a family home to a public museum on this specialty preservation tour at The Frick Pittsburgh. More View all events Oct 10 Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Friday, October 10 1:00 PM - 3:30 PM Join a guided tour of Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Tours are available on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays throughout the exhibition's run. More View all events Oct 10 Spooky Spirits Walk Friday, October 10 6:30 PM - 8:30 PM On Oct. 10, 2025, get in the spooky spirit and explore the haunting history of Pittsburgh's East End on a guided walk of The Frick Pittsburgh's grounds. More View all events Oct 10 From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen Sunday, October 12 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM On October 12, join The Frick Pittsburgh for a lecture by Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman that celebrates Denmark's world-renown master of enchantment, Hans Christian Andersen. More View all events Oct 12 Spooky Spirits Walk Friday, October 17 6:30 PM - 8:30 PM On Oct. 17, 2025, get in the spooky spirit and explore the haunting history of Pittsburgh's East End on a guided walk of The Frick Pittsburgh's grounds. More View all events Oct 17 Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home Saturday, October 18 10:15 AM - 11:30 AM Explore the Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore exhibition through play during these bimonthly drop-in gallery experiences! Family Mornings happen one Thursday and Saturday a month. More View all events Oct 18 Collectors' Talk with Dr. David and Susan Werner Saturday, October 18 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM Dr. David and Susan Werner join the Frick's chief curator and director of collections, Dawn Brean, in a conversation about their passion for collecting Scandinavian and Nordic art. More View all events Oct 18 Vaesen : Roleplaying Game Session Sunday, October 19 2:00 PM - 5:30 PM Experience the lore of Scandinavia through the tabletop roleplaying game, Vaesen. More View all events Oct 19 Member's Salon at the Frick Sunday, October 19 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM On October 19, Frick members are invited for an exclusive, intimate, thought-provoking evening centered around art, ideas, and conversation. More View all events Oct 19 Trivia Night at the Frick Friday, October 24 5:45 PM - 7:45 PM On October 24, 2025, grab your team and test your knowledge during a Halloween-themed trivia night at the Frick's cafe. More View all events Oct 24 Trick or Tea Saturday, October 25 On October 25, Frick Pittsburgh visitors are invited to dress up in a costume and participate in a high tea this Halloween season. More View all events Oct 25 Spooky Shrinky-Dink Drop-In Saturday, October 25 10:00 AM - 3:00 PM Come to the Frick in costume or your favorite seasonal sweater and get into the spirit of the spooky season during this free drop-in program! More View all events Oct 25 Guided Evening Tour of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Wednesday, October 29 6:00 PM - 7:30 PM Join a Frick gallery facilitator for an after-hours deeper exploration of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore. More View all events Oct 29 Act 48 Educator Workshop: The Scandinavian Home Saturday, November 1 9:30 AM - 3:30 PM This Act 48 educator workshop explores the complex history and art of Scandinavian folktales and folklore through storytelling and cultural understanding. More View all events Nov 1 Tales from the Galleries: Legend and Lore of Scandinavia Wednesday, November 5 6:00 PM - 7:30 PM Immerse yourself in tales of trolls, fairies and Viking gods in this special program exploring Nordic folklore and culture through vivid storytelling. More View all events Nov 5 Panel Discussion: Preserving Gilded Age Pittsburgh Thursday, November 6 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM On November 6, hear from staff of two organizations, The Frick Pittsburgh and Rivers of Steel, as they discuss how they preserve their historic sites. More View all events Nov 6 Forest Bathing: Mindful Nature Experience Saturday, November 8 10:00 AM - 12:00 PM Visit The Scandinavian Home exhibition and reconnect with nature through a slow, restorative experience facilitated by certified forest bathing practitioners from the Frick Environmental Center. More View all events Nov 8 Air-Dry Clay Workshop: Gnome Homes Sunday, November 9 1:30 PM - 4:30 PM Join local clay artist Elizabeth Wells to create your own one-of-a-kind gnome home, fairy garden, or enchanted dwelling with a Scandinavian folklore twist. More View all events Nov 9 Guided Evening Tour of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Wednesday, November 12 6:00 PM - 7:30 PM Join a Frick gallery facilitator for an after-hours deeper exploration of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore. More View all events Nov 12 Holiday Photo Sessions at Clayton Saturday, November 15 For the first time ever, take your holiday photos on Clayton's enclosed porch with a professional photographer! More View all events Nov 15 Member Preview Tours: Home for the Holidays at Clayton Tuesday, November 18 11:00 AM - 3:00 AM Frick Pittsburgh members are invited to enjoy early access to the Clayton holiday tour before the house opens to the general public on November 22. More View all events Nov 18 An Evening in Clayton: Behind-the-Scenes at the Holidays Wednesday, November 19 5:30 PM - 7:00 PM Join Frick Curatorial staff for a festive evening in Clayton! This unique experience offers a behind-the-scenes look at how the holiday tour comes to life. More View all events Nov 19 Home for the Holidays at Clayton Saturday, November 22 10:15 AM - 3:30 PM Celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of Clayton! More View all events Nov 22 Holiday High Tea Tuesday, November 25 Get in the holiday spirit with a cozy festive tea at The Cafe at The Frick! Enjoy holiday favorites and tastes of the season as we welcome the winter weather. More View all events Nov 25 Nordic Noel: A Handbell Concert at the Frick Saturday, December 6 2:00 PM - 3:15 PM On December 6, enjoy a holiday concert featuring the Ring Pittsburgh handbell ensemble, inspired by The Frick Pittsburgh's exhibition, "The Scandinavian Home." More View all events Dec 6 Saint Nicholas to Father Christmas to Santa Claus: The Artistic Evolution of a Christmas Icon Sunday, December 7 2:00 PM - 3:30 PM To celebrate the holiday season, Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman will entertain the audience with an illustrated history of Santa Claus. More View all events Dec 7 @FrickPittsburgh on Instagram Right now at the Frick A Center of Our Community Inclusion at the Frick × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Stories |   . Home Stories The Frick Pittsburgh Blog Frick Stories All Categories All Categories Collection Insights Recipe Archive The Frick Family The Frick is for Families News Reflections on the Gilded Age Preservation Press Releases Executive Director's Blog Exhibitions All Tags All Tags Architecture art project Arts & Crafts British art Britsburgh car and carriage museum cars ceramics Christmas coffee and culture costumes craft project DIY Driving the Disenfranchised Fashion films free French films Gilded Age Helen Clay Frick Holidays Isabelle de Borchgrave jewelry lecture Letterboxing Monet minute new tours New Year's Day painting photography portraiture Rococo Site Closed sock bunny sport street photography Street Photography to Surrealism suffrage Summer Fridays Thanksgiving The Cafe Travel Valentine's Day Dinner Van Gogh, Monet, Degas VGMD Victorian Era voting women women's art WWI Clear Filters News The Frick Pittsburgh Reframed Through New Brand News From Felt to Final Product: The Frick Pittsburgh's Senior Outreach Art Program Exhibitions Reflections on Kara Walker's "Scene of McPherson's Death" Collection Insights, Preservation Clayton Gets a New (Old) Color The Frick Family, Reflections on the Gilded Age The Holiday Dinner Table: From Turkey to Latkes and... Pistachio Ice Cream? Collection Insights, The Frick Family, Reflections on the Gilded Age Telling Their Stories, Recognizing Their Impact: Spencer Ford loading × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Collection | Home Collection Our Collection Welcome to our online collections. We are pleased to offer multiple opportunities to explore the objects in our collection. Browse our collection categories below to search our detailed database or enjoy an interactive experience through Google Arts & Culture. Collection Highlights Our Collection on Google Arts & Culture Explore the Frick's Collection Choose a category below, or click here to view all . We continue to actively create new online exhibitions and provide access to a broader spectrum of our collection. Objects will be added as records are completed and images become available. Please get in touch with us if you are looking for information on an object that is not included here. × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Inclusion | Home The Frick Pittsburgh Inclusion Commitment Inclusion & Accessibility The Frick Pittsburgh is committed to inclusively serving our community—visitors, staff, artists, scholars, educational partners, and neighbors. Core to the mission, the Frick offers authentic experiences with art, history, and nature. The Frick will work to create an inclusive and enlivened creative space by: Featuring a varied representation of art, artifacts, and artists in our galleries with specific focus on those historically marginalized by museums; Broadening the scope of historical narratives presented by inviting new voices and engaging multiple perspectives; Interpreting inclusive historical narratives relevant in the context of the Frick legacy, Pittsburgh, and the Industrial Age with critical reflection, honesty, and transparency; Engaging artists, performers, scholars, and community partners in educational and public programming that explores an array of cultural experiences and intellectual inquiries; Addressing the physical, mental, and emotional needs of our audiences, employees, and neighbors; Ensuring fairness in employment and advancement and fair compensation and professional development; Engaging our staff and board in regular education and self-reflection. Since completing and assessing our goals for our previous strategic plan, The Frick Pittsburgh will create the next strategic plan in 2025-2026 to build on our work and continue progress in our goals. The Frick Pittsburgh occupies ancestral lands of the Haudenosaunee, Lenape, Osage, and Shawnee peoples. As a place of history and nature, the Frick recognizes the cultural importance of land and the role of cultural institutions in the formation of collective memory. Displacement and erasure are not just histories for native peoples. Land acknowledgements, like historic sites themselves, are exercises in preservation and reconciliation, engaged with past, present, and future. × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Membership | Home Support Membership Join & Support Membership You can make a difference. The Frick depends on our members and donors to help us continue to offer vibrant cultural programming to our region. Thanks to you, we can continue to be a place where audiences of all ages can discover the art, history, and nature that make the Frick such a special place. Members are provided with enhanced opportunities to enjoy all that the Frick has to offer through free admission, discounts, events, and much more. And now, you are able to make a virtual visit to the Frick at any time through our online experiences and activities . Questions about Membership? Having trouble reserving a ticket on our website? Please call the MEMBERS HOTLINE at 412-342-4086. Join Frequently Asked Questions Benefits for All FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions (timed tickets recommended) FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews. 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events Membership Levels Individual - $65 Benefits for one adult. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews. 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Dual - $90 Benefits for two. At least one member must be 18 years or older. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews. 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Family - $100 Membership Benefits for two adults plus children or grandchildren under age 18. Membership benefits for two adults plus children or grandchildren under age 18. PLUS FREE admission to more than 1,000 museums through North American Reciprocal Museums (NARM), Reciprocal Organizations of Associated Museums (ROAM), and Art Museum Reciprocal Network (AMRN). Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Fellow - $150 Family Membership Benefits Plus Much More.... Family Membership Benefits plus access to additional member events. Benefits: FREE admission to more than 1,000 museums through NARM, ROAM and AMRN Free access to additional member-exclusive programs FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to member extra discount days E-newsletters and updates about programs and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Patron - $300 Fellow Membership Benefits plus free admission for two guests every time you visit Clayton and touring exhibitions and recognition in donor listing. Benefits: Free admission for two guests every time you visit Clayton and touring exhibitions Free access to additional member exclusive programs FREE admission to more than 1,000 museums through NARM, ROAM and AMRN Recognition in donor listing FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Benefactor - $500 Patron Membership Benefits plus free admission for four guests every time you visit Clayton and touring exhibitions. Patron Membership Benefits plus: FREE admission for four guests every time you visit Clayton and touring exhibitions Free access to additional member exclusive programs Recognition in donor listing Free admission to more than 1,000 museums through NARM, ROAM and AMRN FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift The Frick Societies - $1000+ Be a part of an exclusive group that influences the future of the Frick, and help to maintain it as a cultural institution of the highest caliber for future generations! Combined annual giving of $1,000 or more will entitle you to become a member of this leadership group as well as provide vital ongoing philanthropic support for exhibitions, programming, and the care and growth of the Frick’s diverse collections. Learn More Teacher - $65 Individual Membership Benefits for one adult plus discounts on Act 48 programs, workshops, studio classes, and events. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift ADA - $30 Benefits for one person and one aide. To plan your best experience at the Frick, visit our Accessibility page. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Senior - $45 Benefits for one person, 65+. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift Student - $20 Benefits for one student. Benefits: FREE admission to The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum, tours of Clayton, and all touring exhibitions FREE or discounted registration for exciting programs, including virtual programs, expert panel discussions, author talks, workshops, and more Invitations to exclusive member-only events and previews. 10% discount at The Café at the Frick* 10% discount in the Frick Museum Store, plus invitations to extra discount days All members receive E-newsletters and updates about programming and special events 100% tax-deductible Join Renew Gift *Not valid on specialty prefix or holiday teas Get More From Your Membership Reciprocal Museums Starting at the Fellow level, members of the Frick receive free admission to more than 800 museums through NARM, ROAM and AMRN. Learn More More Ways to Donate Matching Gifts Matching gifts are an easy way to increase the impact of your gift to the Frick at no additional cost to you. Learn More × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Rental Events | Home Rental Events Rental Events at the Frick A beautiful outdoor setting located in the city, The Frick Pittsburgh is the ideal canvas to create your unique wedding, corporate event, or special gathering. To inquire about availability and pricing, please fill out the inquiry form linked below. Event Inquiry Form We Have A Space For You Our Spaces Car & Carriage Museum Trio The Car & Carriage Museum Trio includes the Community Room, Courtyard, and Terrace. Capacities (Community Room) Classroom Style Seating: 70 Sit-Down Dinner: 60 Cocktail Reception: 100 Capacities (Courtyard) Seated Ceremony: 200 Sit-Down Dinner: 150 Cocktail Reception: 200 Capacities (Terrace) Seated Ceremony: 30 Cocktail Reception: 40 Community Room The Car & Carriage Museum Community Room includes the Community Room and Terrace. Capacities (Community Room) Classroom Style Seating: 70 Sit-Down Dinner: 60 Cocktail Reception: 100 Capacities (Terrace) Seated Ceremony: 30 Cocktail Reception: 40 Great Lawn The Great Lawn includes the Great Lawn and The Parlor, a warmly refinished meeting space in the historic Frick Playhouse. Capacities Sit-Down Dinner: 250 Cocktail Reception: 300 Seated Ceremony: 250 Greenhouse Mini Ceremony Offered after 5:00 p.m. only. Twenty guest maximum. Frick Art Museum Terrace Prices include 1 hour of event time, 1 hour of setup time, and 1 hour of tear-down time. Additional hours available at an additional cost. Capacities Sit-Down Dinner: 125 Cocktail Reception: 200 Seated Ceremony: 250 Orchard Offered after 5:00 p.m. only. Facility only. Capacities Seated Ceremony: 250 PLEASE NOTE: The Frick Art Museum Rotunda, The Frick Art Museum Galleries, and Clayton are not available as rental spaces Find Your Inspiration Explore Stories On Burgh Brides Meaningful Garden Wedding at The Frick | August 25, 2025 Bright Whimsical Garden Wedding at The Frick | April 28, 2025 Floral Filled DIY Wedding at The Frick | November 6, 2023 Find Us On The Knot More Information Brochures Wedding Brochure Private Rentals Brochure × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

The Cafe at the Frick |   . Home The Café Dine in Pittsburgh's most beautiful setting The Café at the Frick PLEASE NOTE: The Café at the Frick will be closed for regular business on October 8 and 9. Enjoy casual dining with a picturesque view of Pittsburgh's best backyard. Sample savory lunch options, daily afternoon teas, curated coffees and cocktails, and more! Skip the line and order ahead! Online carry out orders are available every day The Café at the Frick is open. Please note that online orders are for carry out only. A table will not be reserved for you if you order online. Order Online Food Menu STARTERS CHEESE BOARD Three varieties of cheese, honey, fresh fruit, crostini CHARCUTERIE BOARD Three selections from Parma sausage, olives, gherkins CELEBRATION BOARD A combination of cheese & charcuterie selections SESAME SEED SEARED AHI TUNA Sticky rice, soy sauce, wasabi SHRIMP COCKTAIL Lemon, cocktail sauce PIEROGI Caramelized onion, sour cream, chives BRUNCH LIEGE BELGIAN WAFFLES With strawberries, house-made clotted cream Bacon available for an extra charge SMOKED SALMON FLATBREAD Chilled smoked salmon, diced egg, red onion, capers, fresh dill, and cream cheese on a toasted flatbread QUICHE Sausage, spinach, wild mushroom DONUT HOLES Cake donuts, choice of: glazed, powdered sugar, cinnamon sugar, hot honey, plain SOUPS & SALADS SCRATCH MADE SOUP CAFÉ CAESAR SALAD Romaine, shaved Parmesan, croutons, classic dressing Add grilled chicken, smoked salmon, chilled shrimp, or sesame seed seared tuna for an extra charge CAFÉ HOUSE SALAD Mixed greens, cucumber, tomato, olives, carrots, pepita, balsamic vinaigrette SCANDINAVIAN INSPIRED BEET AND APPLE SALAD Tossed with sour cream, served with arugula and pumpernickel toast points SCALLOP CRUDO Ceviche scallops with strawberries, cucumbers, berry vinaigrette, poppyseeds ELK MEATLOAF Bacon laced meatloaf, topped with lingonberry sauce, served with roasted redskin potatoes FISH CAKES Cedar roasted salmon and cod, served with cucumber salad and caper remoulade HAM SANDWICH Open faced on pumpernickel toast, topped with pea and carrot salad, bibb lettuce, cucumber LUNCH SANDWICHES All sandwiches come with chips and a pickle spear TURKEY Roasted turkey breast, herb aioli, lettuce, tomato, red onion, brioche roll Swiss cheese available for an extra charge CHICKEN BAHN MI Grilled chicken breast, lime juice, pickled carrots and red cabbage, cucumber, jalapeno, cilantro, mayo, toasted baguette VEGETABLE WRAP Romaine, red pepper hummus, tomato, carrots, cucumber, arugula AFTERNOON TEA Choice of two finger sandwiches, choice of scone, house-made clotted cream, jam, sweets, and your choice of loose-leaf tea BAKED GOODS A selection of baked goods from Mediterra Bakehouse , Glen's Custard , Jak's Bakery , and others. Vegan options available. Please inform your server of any food allergies and/or dietary restrictions. Consuming raw or undercooked meats, poultry, seafood, shellfish, or eggs may increase your risk of foodborne illness, especially if you have a medical condition. Drink Menu COFFEE & TEA LA PRIMA Espresso, cappucino/latte, cold brew, drip HARNEY & SONS LOOSE-LEAF TEA Black Tea Apricot, Chai, Chocolate Mint, English Breakfast, Helen's Earl Grey (Regular/Decaf), Frick (Assam, Keeman, Ceylon, Oolong), Paris, Rose, Russian Country Herbal & Green Chamomile, French Super Blue Lavender, Ginger Licorice, Peppermint, Raspberry, Tokyo BEVERAGES NON-ALCOHOLIC Iced Tea Brazilian Lemonade Lemonade Arnold Palmer Soda Bottled Water FRICK HOUSE WINES Pinot Grigio Chardonnay Bubbles Pinot Noir Cabernet Sauvignon BEER Stella Artois Bell's 2 Hearted East End Big Hop Seasonal COCKTAILS Frick 75 Bellini Mimosa Spiked Brazilian Lemonade Bailey's & Mint Hot Chocolate Cocktails and wine available for dine in or carry out on our grounds Crafted Cocktails and Marvelous Mocktails CRAFTED COCKTAILS RED CAP SANGRIA Red wine sangria with cherry liqueur, lemon, oranges, cucumber, bitters THE YOUNG ARTIST Scotch, amaretto, bitters SHIELD BEARER Whiskey, lavender syrup, lemon juice BAROQUE Grapefruit vodka, fresh basil, hot honey, lime juice, soda water GARDEN MOJITO White rum, cucumber, jalapeño, mint, lime LADY JULIA Espresso, vodka, crème de cacao, cherry liqueur SYMPHONY IN GREY & GREEN Pernod, lavender & earl grey simple syrup, gin, fresh squeezed orange, bitters MARVELOUS MOCKTAILS THE POND Pineapple juice, basil, lime juice, soda water THE NOBLE WOMAN Strawberry syrup, basil, soda water THE PLAYHOUSE GARDEN Mint, cucumber, lime, simple syrup, soda water Cocktails and wine available for dine in or carry out on our grounds Don't see your favorite? We can likely make it for you, so please ask! Frequently Asked Questions We’ve received a lot of inquiries about the current business model and future of the Café. We thank you for your continued support and hope to answer some of your questions below. Why did you change the Café? Wasn’t it already perfect? The atmosphere is magical, and we are committed to keeping it so. But certain aspects of the Café’s pre-COVID business model didn't serve all of our visitors as well as they should. The adjustments we've made address some specific challenges: In the past, the Café served a small number of people very well, but the great majority of our visitors not at all. During our busiest months, from April to December, the Café was fully booked at lunchtime days in advance. We routinely turned away two, three, and even four times as many people as we could seat. Without an opportunity for rest and refreshment, many visitors left the Frick before they could experience all we have to offer. By expanding our open hours, we hope to increase the number of visitors we can serve. From quick-and-easy delights to special-occasion indulgences, we are aiming to meet the needs of as many of our visitors as possible. Hours PLEASE NOTE: The Café at the Frick will be closed for regular business on October 8 and 9. Tuesday–Sunday 9:30 AM–3 PM Reservations not accepted The Café is wheelchair-accessible and has single-stall all-gender restrooms. We're hiring! Learn more here . Café Gift Cards Share the joy of a trip to The Café at the Frick with our gift cards! Treat your loved ones or yourself to a delicious meal in our garden getaway. Purchase Gift Card × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Store |   . Home Store Frick Museum Store Located in the Grable Visitor Center, the Frick Museum Store offers a carefully curated product line reflecting the distinctive character of the Frick. Shop Our Online Store Join now and save Frick Member Discounts Members of the Frick receive a 10% discount on all Museum Store purchases! Benefits also include free admission, discounts, events, and much more. Join Now Questions? Contact us at the Museum Store. Phone: 412-342-4030 E-mail × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Plan Your Visit |   . Home Plan Your Visit Plan Your Visit Ready to explore? At The Frick Pittsburgh, get ready to experience art, history, and nature. To ensure you enjoy as much as possible during your visit, check our calendar for all offerings and get your tickets in advance. Clayton tours are limited and do sell out! For the best experience, begin your visit at Grable Visitor Center. A Museum Experience Associate will orient you to our campus and help you purchase day-of tickets, if available. Tickets Visit Hours & Admission Admission to the gardens, permanent collection of The Frick Art Museum, and a section of the Car and Carriage Museum is always free. Admission fees apply to certain special exhibitions in The Frick Art Museum, Car and Carriage Museum, and to Clayton tours. Clayton tours do sell out and advanced purchase is strongly recommended. Tuesday - Sunday 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Gardens and Grounds 9:30 AM - 3:00 PM The Café at the Frick 10 AM - 5:00 PM Grable Visitor Center, The Frick Art Museum, Car and Carriage Museum, Greenhouse, Frick Museum Store 10:15 AM - 3:00 PM Clayton Tours Monday Closed Current Exhibitions Tickets Closed for New Year's Day, Easter, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Indigenous Peoples' Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day Download visitor map SEE & DO Today at the Frick Thursday, October 9 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Car and Carriage Museum 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Gnome Scavenger Hunt 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM The Frick Art Museum 10:15 AM - 3:00 PM Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden View All Getting Here Directions to the Frick The Frick is approximately 20 minutes east of downtown Pittsburgh at the corner of Penn and South Homewood avenues in Point Breeze. The entrance is located on Reynolds Street where parking is available in our free lot. From downtown Pittsburgh, the Pittsburgh Airport or PA Turnpike, the Frick is reached via the Parkway East (I-376). Exit at #77–Edgewood Swissvale (take the Edgewood ramp), follow Braddock Ave. to Penn Ave. and turn left. Continue four blocks and turn left on South Homewood Ave. Proceed one long block to traffic circle (Reynolds St.) and follow signs to parking lot entrance. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION Pittsburgh Regional Transit buses 67, 69, and 71C* provide service from downtown Pittsburgh. *Starting October 1, 2023, the 71C will terminate in Oakland and no longer serve Uptown and downtown Pittsburgh. Please plan accordingly. Learn more about the schedule changes on Pittsburgh Regional Transit's website . Get Directions Public Transportation Plan Ahead Make the Most of Your Visit Exhibitions Explore our museums for world-class permanent and temporary exhibitions Learn more Tours Enhance your experience with a docent-led tour Learn More The Café Enjoy a treat at The Café at the Frick Tuesday–Sunday, 9:30 AM–3 PM Learn More Store Visit the Museum Store for a unique and carefully curated selection of gifts Learn More Know Before You Go Familiarize yourself with the Frick's visitation guidelines and policies Learn More Accessibility We are committed to offering an inclusive experience for all visitors Learn More School Visits Let our staff personalize your school group visit Learn More Group Visits Get information on scheduling a customized group visit Learn More Get ready to visit The Frick Pittsburgh Download our Mobile Landscape App to prepare for your visit! Learn More @FrickPgh on Instagram Happening now at the Frick It's free to visit The Frick Pittsburgh. Admission is required for Clayton tours and special exhibitions. View Events × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Accessibility |   . Home Accessibility Accessibility The Frick welcomes all visitors and strives to provide the best possible experience for everyone who visits the site. If you have questions about accessibility or navigating the site that are not addressed below please contact us at 412-371-0600 or by email at info@TheFrickPittsburgh.org. Parking ADA compliant parking is available in our Reynolds Street parking lot both near The Frick Art Museum and the Grable Visitors' Center. Navigating the Site Visiting the various museums on site requires moving from building to building throughout our 10-acre campus. (View a site map here .) Tours of Clayton require walking from the Grable Visitor Center to Clayton, where a lift is available for first floor access. Estimated walk times from the Grable Visitor Center to buildings on the Frick site follow: Grable Visitor Center to The Frick Art Museum: estimated walk time 2 – 4 minutes Grable Visitor Center to Education Center: estimated walk time 1 minute Grable Visitor Center to Car and Carriage Museum: estimated walk time 1 minute Grable Visitor Center to The Café at The Frick: estimated walk time 1 – 2 minutes Grable Visitor Center to Greenhouse : estimated walk time 1 – 2 minutes Grable Visitor Center to Clayton: estimated walk time 3 – 5 minutes Wheelchairs and Motorized Scooters A drop off area for wheelchairs is located along Homewood Avenue, near the Car and Carriage Museum. Wheelchair accessible buildings include The Frick Art Museum, the Café, the Car and Carriage Museum, the Grable Visitor Center, the Education Center, and the first floor of Clayton. We also welcome personal wheelchairs, walkers, and motorized scooters. Please note that motorized scooters greater than 30" wide cannot navigate the doorways of Clayton. A narrated video tour of Clayton’s second floor is provided for visitors unable to visit the second floor. Wheelchairs are available for visitor use on a first-come, first-served basis at the Grable Visitor Center, The Frick Art Museum and the Car and Carriage Museum. Restrooms Accessible restrooms are available in the Grable Visitor Center, The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum and the Education Center. Restrooms are not available in Clayton. Private all gender restrooms are located in the Grable Visitor Center, the Education Center, and the Café. Opened in April of 2024, the Frick Art Museum now features an Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)-compliant restroom — an all-gender accessible family space intended to better serve Frick visitors of all ages, identities, and abilities Doors Power-assist doors can be found at the Frick Art Museum, the Grable Visitor Center, the Car and Carriage Museum, and the Community Room. Families The Scott Family Infant Care Room New at the Frick, the Scott Family Infant Care Room was designed as a space for caregivers to tend to their young children during their visit in comfort and privacy. Located in the Grable Visitor Center, the Scott Family Infant Care Room is decorated cheerfully with custom wallpaper designed by local artist Clinton van Gemert, and features a cozy armchair, white noise machine, changing table, and toys for little ones to enjoy. Baby changing stations are located in the Grable Visitor Center, The Frick Art Museum and the Car and Carriage Museum. Strollers are welcome in all buildings on site except Clayton. Service Animals Service animals are permitted in all public areas of the museum. Service animals are trained to perform specific tasks for an individual with a disability as defined by the Americans with Disabilities Act. Comfort animals, therapy animals, companion animals, or emotional support animals are not service animals as defined by the ADA and are not allowed. The ADA guidelines regarding service animals can be accessed here. Aides Professional aides accompanying visitors are admitted to Clayton and to ticketed exhibitions at no charge (one aide per guest). To make a reservation for a professional aide, please call us at 412-371-0600 in advance of your visit. Sign Language American Sign Language interpreters are available at no charge for tours and programs with advance notice to ensure availability. Requests for an ASL interpreter must be made at least two weeks in advance of the date of the visit by contacting Dalena Collins, Learning and Interpretive Coordinator, at 412-342-4087 or dcollins@thefrickpittsburgh.org . Payment for the tour or program must be made in advance. Large Print Large print labels are available for visitors to special exhibitions. Labels can be requested at the admissions desk in The Frick Art Museum. Membership The Frick offers an ADA Membership for $30 per year for one person and one aide. For a full list of benefits or to join, visit our Membership page here or call the membership office at 412-342-4086 or email us . Accessibility Coordinator The Frick’s accessibility coordinator is Ashley Legg, Director of Enterprise & Visitor Services. She can be reached at alegg@thefrickpittsburgh.org or 412-342-4064. × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Tours |   . Home Tours Tours Experience art, history, and nature on a guided tour. Clayton Tours Gilded, Not Golden 2025 Gilded, Not Golden tours run through Sunday, November 9 Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. Learn more about the Gilded, Not Golden tour . SCHEDULE A TOUR "Our tour guide was excellent! Her knowledge and command of the history was excellent. It was clear that she has a love of her job. That's engaging. We had a youngster (about 10 - 12 years old) in our group. He was very bright and was not shy. Our guide did an excellent job of responding to him while not losing track of her objective. She integrated his quizzical mind into the interaction. It was actually amusing to the entire group. I really appreciate the efforts that the museum put into the development of the new tours." - William S. Clayton Preservation Tour 2025 Preservation Tours Run through Saturday, November 1 Explore Clayton's evolution from a family home to a public museum on this specialty preservation tour. SCHEDULE A TOUR Home for the Holidays at Clayton Home For The Holidays tours run from Saturday, November 22 through Sunday, January 4 Celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of Clayton! SCHEDULE A TOUR VIP Private Clayton Tour Dates: Available Tuesday-Friday Duration: 2 hours Location: Clayton Cost: $1,500 Capacity: Up to 6 people Get exclusive access to Clayton for a fully customized private tour catered to your interests, including behind-the-scenes access to objects rarely on view. Advanced reservation is required; based on staff availability. Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Contact 412-342-4087 or email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org . Frick Art Museum Tours Guided Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Dates: Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays Time: 1:00 p.m. and 2:30 p.m. Duration: Approximately one hour Location: The Frick Art Museum Cost: Free with exhibition admission Join a guided tour of The Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Exhibition admission is required. Tour participants can meet their gallery facilitator in the rotunda of the Frick Art Museum. For groups of eight to twenty people, please email Education@thefrickpittsburgh.org to reserve a guided tour. Guided group tours of the exhibition are scheduled based on availability at a cost of $20 per person. Car and Carriage Museum Tours Guided Tours of the Car and Carriage Museum Dates: Saturdays Time: 1:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m. Duration: Approximately one hour Location: The Car and Carriage Museum Cost: Free Join a guided tour of the Car and Carriage Museum and discover the impact of a transportation revolution as you explore the story of America's transition from carriage to car. Tour participation is free and registration is not required. Meet your guide at the entrance to the Car and Carriage Museum. For groups of ten or more people, please email Education@thefrickpittsburgh.org for information about a guided group tour. × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Group Visits |   . Home Group Visits Group Visits Make your next group outing special at the Frick. Our customized tour packages ensure that your group gets the most out of their Frick experience. Group Tours We offer a variety of group tours and experiences. Please contact us to customize your package and for special group rates. Group tour requests must be made at least six weeks in advance. Email us now If you plan to visit the Frick as a self-guided group, please review our museum guidelines for self-guided groups ahead of your arrival. View Adult Group Guidelines View Student Group Guidelines Group Tours of Clayton All large groups are divided into subgroups of 8 to 10, which depart at 10-minute intervals to begin the tour. When groups are not touring Clayton, they may visit The Frick Art Museum, Car and Carriage Museum, Grable Visitor Center, Greenhouse, or Museum Store. Available for groups of 11 to 30, Tuesday through Friday. COST: $24 per person Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Reservations required. Contact 412-342-4087 or email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org Group Tours of the Frick Art Museum The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore September 27, 2025 – January 11, 2026 Guided group tours of Scandinavian Home are available for groups of 8-20 people. Guided group tours are scheduled based on availability. Available for groups of 8 to 20, Tuesday through Friday. COST: $20 per person Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Reservations required. Contact education@thefrickpittsburgh.org to reserve. Group Tours of the Car and Carriage Museum Guided tours of the Car and Carriage Museum explore America's transition from carriage to car through the Frick Pittsburgh's collection of 19th-century carriages and early automobiles. Groups of ten or more people interested in a guided tour of the museum are encouraged to reserve a private group tour. Available for groups of 10 to 20, Tuesday through Friday. COST: $7 per person Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Reservations required. Contact 412-342-4087 or email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org . Frequently asked Questions When should I make my reservation? Where may we park our bus? How much time should we allow for touring... Review Group Tour FAQs × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Learning |   . Home Learn We never stop learning Learning at the Frick We believe that every visit is an opportunity to learn, to be inspired and to be delighted by art, history and nature, and we offer many different opportunities to learn in ways that mean the most to you. Take a guided tour of Clayton or explore the current exhibition on your own, join us for a workshop or a lunchtime lecture, or simply walk the grounds and feel refreshed. We welcome you to visit and discover all that you can learn at the Frick. Looking to schedule a field trip? January and February offer more flexibility in available dates. Consider scheduling a program during this time to save $2 per student. Learn more and schedule today! For Educators Our hands-on learning programs for students K-12 are teacher friendly, address academic standards and use art, history, and nature to understand different times and contexts. Frick programs address cross curricular standards, integrating writing, art, science and even economics to broaden student perspectives. If you're interested in bringing your students to The Frick, our 2025-2026 School Programs Booklet is the best place to start the planning process. The booklet contains all of the information you need to plan an exciting, engaging field trip for your students, including program descriptions by grade level, lunch information, and tips for booking. By popular demand, we have also added an a la carte option that allows you to customize your own field trip experience! Download your free copy below. School Program Booklet If you plan to visit the Frick as a self-guided student group, please review our museum guidelines for self-guided groups ahead of your arrival. View Guidelines School Programs The Frick Pittsburgh is committed to offering engaging, thoughtful student programs both online and on-site in our three museums. Our programs explore the interdisciplinary nature of the Frick—from fine art in The Frick Art Museum, to life in the gilded age in Clayton, to the history of transportation in our Car and Carriage Museum. Learn More Teacher Professional Development At the Frick we not only welcome students, but teachers too! Throughout the year we offer teacher workshops that focus on a wide variety of art, history, and other educational topics through multidisciplinary, standards-based workshops. These programs offer Act 48 activity hours while providing teachers with fresh and practical classroom-ready suggestions. View Programs Learning Resources We offer a variety of multi-disciplinary resources designed to support educators at every grade level, regardless of whether they are teaching remotely or in the classroom. View Resources Family Programs The Frick Pittsburgh is a wonderful place to spend time with your family. We offer programs throughout the year that give families the opportunity to engage together in hands-on learning through museum visits, art making, and outdoor activities on our grounds. Our learning activities are for children of all ages. View Calendar Workshops Nurture your creativity at The Frick! Young artists ages 11-14 will cultivate their imaginations with The Frick's teaching artists during monthly hands-on workshops. Each session is inspired by The Frick's museums or grounds, and includes a short tour experience followed by a guided art workshop. View Calendar Adult Programs Throughout the year, the Frick Pittsburgh presents a wide variety of thoughtful, enlightening, and enjoyable programs for adults. From exhibition lectures and special events to classes and workshops, Frick programming offers numerous opportunities for adults to connect with our collections, exhibitions and each other. View Calendar Outreach We offer a variety of outreach programs for adults through local libraries, senior centers and community centers, and we also regularly host activity tables at community events throughout the city. Learn More Summer Camp Art, History, Nature Explore, imagine and create in Pittsburgh’s best backyard! Enjoy a week filled with art making and explorations throughout the Frick’s museums. Projects and content will be adjusted to fit each grade level. Learn More × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

See and Do |   . Home See and Do See and Do Customize Your Frick Experience With so much to see and do, every visit to the Frick can be different. Experience the culture and refinement of the Gilded Age in a beautiful setting no other museum in Pittsburgh can offer. . Grable Visitor Center Start your visit here! Purchase tickets, shop, and learn about the Frick site. Learn More Clayton Immerse yourself in the restored home of the Frick family. Learn More The Frick Art Museum View stunning temporary exhibitions and our permanent collection. Learn More Car and Carriage Museum Explore the Frick's collection of turn of the 20th century cars and carriages. Learn More Greenhouse and Gardens Stroll the 10-acre campus and visit a working Greenhouse. Learn More Playhouse Imagine playing in your own personal playhouse, complete with bowling alley! Learn More The Café Enjoy a treat at The Café at the Frick Tuesday–Sunday, 9:30 AM–3 PM. Learn More Community Room The perfect venue for a meeting or small event. Learn More What's Happening at the Frick There’s always something going on at The Frick Pittsburgh. We offer a variety of inspiring programs and events for visitors of all ages. The Frick Pittsburgh 10/09/2025 8:00 AM Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Learn More The Frick Pittsburgh Greenhouse 10/09/2025 10:00 AM Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled historic greenhouse. Learn More The Frick Art Museum 10/09/2025 10:00 AM The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Scandinavian Home: Land... Learn More 10/09/2025 10:00 AM Car and Carriage Museum Explore the Frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles. Learn More The Frick Pittsburgh 10/09/2025 10:00 AM Gnome Scavenger Hunt Gnomes are taking over the Frick! Explore the Frick's grounds on a free scavenger hunt in honor of the exhibition The Sc... Learn More Check in at the Grable Visitor Center 10/09/2025 10:15 AM Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. Learn More Check in at the Grable Visitor Center 10/10/2025 10:45 AM Clayton Preservation Tour Explore Clayton's evolution from a family home to a public museum on this specialty preservation tour at The Frick Pitts... Learn More The Frick Art Museum 10/10/2025 1:00 PM Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Join a guided tour of Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Tours are available on ... Learn More Begins at The Café at the Frick 10/10/2025 6:30 PM Spooky Spirits Walk On Oct. 10, 2025, get in the spooky spirit and explore the haunting history of Pittsburgh's East End on a guided walk of... Learn More Car and Carriage Museum 10/11/2025 1:00 PM Car and Carriage Museum Guided Tour | 1 p.m. Join a guided tour of the Car and Carriage Museum and explore the story of America's transition from carriage to car. Learn More Car and Carriage Museum 10/11/2025 3:00 PM Car and Carriage Museum Guided Tour | 3 p.m. Join a guided tour of the Car and Carriage Museum and explore the story of America's transition from carriage to car. Learn More The Frick Art Museum Auditorium 10/12/2025 2:00 PM From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen On October 12, join The Frick Pittsburgh for a lecture by Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman that celebrates Denmark's world-reno... Learn More Begins at The Café at the Frick 10/17/2025 6:30 PM Spooky Spirits Walk On Oct. 17, 2025, get in the spooky spirit and explore the haunting history of Pittsburgh's East End on a guided walk of... Learn More The Frick Art Museum 10/18/2025 10:15 AM Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home Explore the Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore exhibition through play during these bimonthly drop-in gallery experie... Learn More The Frick Art Museum Auditorium 10/18/2025 4:00 PM Collectors' Talk with Dr. David and Susan Werner Dr. David and Susan Werner join the Frick's chief curator and director of collections, Dawn Brean, in a conversation abo... Learn More The Frick Art Museum and Education Center 10/19/2025 2:00 PM Vaesen : Roleplaying Game Session Experience the lore of Scandinavia through the tabletop roleplaying game, Vaesen. Learn More The Frick Art Museum Auditorium 10/19/2025 2:00 PM Member's Salon at the Frick On October 19, Frick members are invited for an exclusive, intimate, thought-provoking evening centered around art, idea... Learn More The Community Room 10/24/2025 5:45 PM Trivia Night at the Frick On October 24, 2025, grab your team and test your knowledge during a Halloween-themed trivia night at the Frick's cafe. Learn More The Café at The Frick 10/25/2025 Trick or Tea On October 25, Frick Pittsburgh visitors are invited to dress up in a costume and participate in a high tea this Hallowe... Learn More Education Center 10/25/2025 10:00 AM Spooky Shrinky-Dink Drop-In Come to the Frick in costume or your favorite seasonal sweater and get into the spirit of the spooky season during this ... Learn More The Frick Art Museum 10/29/2025 6:00 PM Guided Evening Tour of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Join a Frick gallery facilitator for an after-hours deeper exploration of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore. Learn More Education Center and the Frick Art Museum 11/01/2025 9:30 AM Act 48 Educator Workshop: The Scandinavian Home This Act 48 educator workshop explores the complex history and art of Scandinavian folktales and folklore through storyt... Learn More The Frick Art Museum 11/05/2025 6:00 PM Tales from the Galleries: Legend and Lore of Scandinavia Immerse yourself in tales of trolls, fairies and Viking gods in this special program exploring Nordic folklore and cultu... Learn More The Frick Art Museum Auditorium 11/06/2025 6:30 PM Panel Discussion: Preserving Gilded Age Pittsburgh On November 6, hear from staff of two organizations, The Frick Pittsburgh and Rivers of Steel, as they discuss how they ... Learn More The Frick Art Museum and Frick Park 11/08/2025 10:00 AM Forest Bathing: Mindful Nature Experience Visit The Scandinavian Home exhibition and reconnect with nature through a slow, restorative experience facilitated by c... Learn More Education Center 11/09/2025 1:30 PM Air-Dry Clay Workshop: Gnome Homes Join local clay artist Elizabeth Wells to create your own one-of-a-kind gnome home, fairy garden, or enchanted dwelling ... Learn More The Frick Art Museum 11/12/2025 6:00 PM Guided Evening Tour of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Join a Frick gallery facilitator for an after-hours deeper exploration of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore. Learn More Check in at the Grable Visitor Center at least 15 minutes before your scheduled photo session 11/15/2025 Holiday Photo Sessions at Clayton For the first time ever, take your holiday photos on Clayton's enclosed porch with a professional photographer! Learn More Check in at the Grable Visitor Center 11/18/2025 11:00 AM Member Preview Tours: Home for the Holidays at Clayton Frick Pittsburgh members are invited to enjoy early access to the Clayton holiday tour before the house opens to the gen... Learn More Clayton (Program begins in the Grable Visitor Center) 11/19/2025 5:30 PM An Evening in Clayton: Behind-the-Scenes at the Holidays Join Frick Curatorial staff for a festive evening in Clayton! This unique experience offers a behind-the-scenes look at ... Learn More Check in at the Grable Visitor Center 11/22/2025 10:15 AM Home for the Holidays at Clayton Celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of Clayto... Learn More The Café at The Frick 11/25/2025 Holiday High Tea Get in the holiday spirit with a cozy festive tea at The Cafe at The Frick! Enjoy holiday favorites and tastes of the se... Learn More The Frick Art Museum Auditorium 12/06/2025 2:00 PM Nordic Noel: A Handbell Concert at the Frick On December 6, enjoy a holiday concert featuring the Ring Pittsburgh handbell ensemble, inspired by The Frick Pittsburgh... Learn More The Frick Art Museum Auditorium 12/07/2025 2:00 PM Saint Nicholas to Father Christmas to Santa Claus: The Artistic Evolution of a Christmas Icon To celebrate the holiday season, Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman will entertain the audience with an illustrated history of Sa... Learn More Programs and Events Explore the many exciting programs and events offered at the Frick, from lectures, to concerts and everything in between! View All Events Exhibition Programs The Frick offers a wide range of exhibition-related public programs for all ages. Learn More Special Events From exhibition openings to Summer Fridays, don't miss these special events. Learn More Lectures Attend a fascinating lecture by a leading scholar or expert. Learn More Music and Films Round out your cultural experience with music and films. Learn More Tours Enjoy a tour of Clayton or one of our museums. Learn More Workshops Get creative at a professionally-led workshop. Learn More Gallery Talks Learn more about an exhibition by attending a gallery talk. Learn More Exhibitions Explore world-class exhibitions covering a wide variety of cultural and artistic topics. Learn More Ticketed Buy your tickets in advance for these exhibitions, tours, events, and more. Learn More Free Enjoy member and donor supported free events and programs! Learn More Just for You The Frick is for everyone! Explore our in-person and virtual programs specially created for all ages. View All Events Adults Lectures, workshops, adult learning programs, and special events. Learn More Kids and Family Programs and events the entire family can enjoy. Learn More Online Programs and events you can enjoy virtually from anywhere. Learn More In-person Programs and events happening at The Frick Pittsburgh. Learn More Educators Special opportunities for teachers and educators. Learn More Plan Ahead Make the Most of Your Visit Exhibitions Explore our museums for world-class permanent and temporary exhibitions Learn More Tours Enhance your experience with a docent-led tour Learn More The Café Enjoy a treat at The Café at the Frick Tuesday–Sunday, 9:30 AM–3 PM Learn More Store Visit the Museum Store for a unique and carefully curated selection of gifts Learn More Know Before You Go Familiarize yourself with the Frick's visitation guidelines and policies Learn More Accessibility We are committed to offering an inclusive experience for all visitors Learn More School Visits Let our staff personalize your school group visit Learn More Group Visits Get information on scheduling a customized group visit Learn More Visit our Virtual Museum Learn More @FrickPgh on Instagram Right now at the Frick It's free to visit The Frick Pittsburgh. Admission is required for Clayton tours and special exhibitions. Plan your visit × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Calendar of Events |   . Home Calendar Calendar What's Happening at the Frick Exhibitions on View September 27, 2025 - January 11, 2026 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore May 23, 2025 - June 7, 2026 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Permanent Collection Chinese Porcelains from the Collection From Carriages to Cars Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Today at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Learn More Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Learn More The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Learn More Car and Carriage Museum Learn More View All Dates Filter by... All Adults Kids and Family Online In-person Educators Clear Activity & Event Types... All Exhibition Programs Special Events Lectures Music and Films Tours Workshops Gallery Talks Exhibitions Ticketed Free Clear All Categories All Categories Adults Kids and Family Online In-person Educators All Types All Types Exhibition Programs Special Events Lectures Music and Films Tours Workshops Gallery Talks Exhibitions Ticketed Free Clear October 2025 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Every Sunday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Learn More Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Every Sunday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled historic greenhouse. Learn More The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Every Sunday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore at The Frick Pittsburgh. Learn More Buy Tickets Car and Carriage Museum Every Sunday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore the Frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles. Learn More Gnome Scavenger Hunt Every Sunday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Gnomes are taking over the Frick! Explore the Frick's grounds on a free scavenger hunt in honor of the exhibition The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore. Learn More The Frick Art Museum Every Sunday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Enjoy the Frick's collection of historic and contemporary painting and decorative arts alongside traveling exhibitions. Learn More View Current Exhibitions Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden Every Sunday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday 10:15 AM - 3:00 PM Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. Learn More Schedule a Tour Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Every Wednesday Friday Saturday 1:00 PM - 3:30 PM Join a guided tour of Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Tours are available on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays throughout the exhibition's run. Learn More Buy Exhibition Tickets It's free to visit The Frick Pittsburgh. Admission is required for Clayton tours and special exhibitions. Plan your visit × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Virtual Experiences |. Home Virtual Virtual Museum The Frick is committed to providing virtual museum experiences for our visitors. Enjoy the following from the comfort of your home! Explore the Frick Virtual Tours Take a virtual tour of our museums and gardens: The Frick Art Museum permanent galleries First floor of Clayton Car and Carriage Museum Grounds and gardens Virtual Exhibitions Enjoy our virtual exhibitions : Collection Highlights Gilded Age Fashion Entertaining at Home Vive la France! Collecting Millet Around the World Portraits & Personalites Curator Talks SLAY: An Introduction to SLAY: Artemisia Gentileschi & Kehinde Wiley Investigating the Story of Judith & Holofernes Author Talk with Gina Siciliano— I Know What I Am: The Life and Times of Artemisia Gentileschi The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show: The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 1) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 2) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 3) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 4) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 5) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 6) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 7) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 8) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 9) Permanent Collection: In Conversation: The Art and History of the Night Sky In Conversation: Murderous Millinery Museums Are Not Neutral: A Conversation on Gender, Power, and Privilege What's Past is Prologue: Industrialization & Changing Landscapes Gilded Is Not Golden: Exploring Museums' Multiple Histories The Frick Reflects: Looking Back, Moving Forward Clayton Christmas Memories Exploring a Special Cabinet Peeking Inside the Clayton Vault Sneaking into Storage A Look Inside the Frick: Imagining Playtime Resisting the Rational: Giovanni di Paolo's Heaven on Earth Reviving the Renaissance with Dawn Brean French Confections: Highlights of The Frick Pittsburgh's 18th-century French Collection My Darling Boy: Letters from Mrs. Frick to Childs Frida Kahlo: Author Talk: Frida in America with Celia Stahr Collector's Talk with Vicente Wolf Reckoning: Grief and Light, nothing can separate you from the language you cry in In Conversation: Vanessa German and Dr. Edda L. Fields-Black Sporting Fashion: Equity and Fair Play in Women's Sport Today History, Fashion, and Feminism In Conversation: The Legacy of Title IX Victorian Radicals: In Conversation: Radical Women—The Pre-Raphaelite Sisterhood Victorian Radicals Today Ekphrasis: Poetic Responses to Victorian Radicals War & Pieces: London Studio Tour with Bouke de Vries Car and Carriage Museum: Looking at the Lincoln Driving the Disenfranchised: The Automobile's Role in Women's Suffrage In Conversation: Driving While Black with Dr. Gretchen Sorin Cast in Chrome: Creating Casts: The Making of a Hood Ornament Space Oddity The Mack Bulldog LaSalle Victoire Spirit of Ecstasy Eagle Rock: Eagle Rock: Construction, Architecture, and Design Domestic Service at Eagle Rock Around the Grounds at Eagle Rock Art at Eagle Rock: From Prides Crossing to Pittsburgh The Frick Pittsburgh Mobile Apps Landscape App See the evolution of the Frick's campus from the late 19th century to the present with archival photo overlays, learn about buildings and spaces on-site and how the Fricks used them, and discover some of the many different species of trees on campus (did you know we’re an arboretum?): Download on the App Store Download on Google Play Collections App Explore seven masterpieces from our permanent collection digitized in super-high resolution and zoom in to observe all the beautiful details: Download on the App Store Download on Google Play The Frick Pittsburgh Blog Keep up to date with our blog, Frick Stories , offering insights into our collections, exhibitions, and grounds, along with Pittsburgh, Gilded Age, and Frick family history: Conversations on sport, fashion, and equity with our friends at Women and Girls Foundation. A look at two true outdoor girls. Two historic sportswomen set out on long journeys. Mr. Frick gets in trouble with the law. A closer look at an iconic hood ornament designer. Learn about the history of decorative hood ornaments. Listen to the contemporary symphony accompanying Vanessa German's new installation. A deadly fashion trend sparks a conservation movement. Head to President McKinley's inaugural ball with the Fricks. President McKinley comes to Pittsburgh. The Fricks dine with President Roosevelt. Journey through Egypt with the Fricks. An Interview with Bouke de Vries on War and Pieces . Clayton docent Sue Morris examines Mr. Frick's role in national politics. In part two of her Frick politics series, Sue Morris elucidates how Mr. Frick used art politically. Explore Clayton's cutting-edge, Gilded-Age technologies. Learn about a new community art installation on our campus. See the evolution of Point Breeze. Hear the story behind a new outdoor art installation on our campus. Take a look at what's hidden in Clayton's walls. Happy Labor Day! But not if you work for Mr. Frick. Curator Dawn Brean elucidates a beautiful explosion in our green gallery. Curator Kim Cady looks at the origins of our car collection. See the Clayton kitchen evolve through the centuries. Examine the intersection of public health and Victorian home design. Check out Mrs. Peacock on the cover of Nineteenth Century magazine. Learn about the history of the Frick estate and the neighborhood of Point Breeze. Look back on the restoration of Clayton. Take a journey through the history of the Car and Carriage Museum. Reflect on the history of Memorial Day with Manager of School Learning Kelsie Paul. Explore the Frick family's hobbies and the rise of leisure in the Gilded Age. Track spring fashion trends from 1880–1910. Examine the political jewelry of the Women's Suffrage Movement. Take a walk through Clayton's third and fourth floors. Digital Collection Browse more than 150 collection items in our searchable online database . #notwhite collective Cooking Series This Saturday series featured a different member of the multicultural women's artist group #notwhite collective sharing family stories, photos, and a recipe from her culture, live and direct from her own kitchen on the Frick’s Instagram . Missed an episode? Need a recipe? Check out the archive below! March 6: Zena Ruiz March 13: Fran Flaherty March 20: Carolina Loyola-Garcia March 27: Liana Maneese April 3: Alison Zapata April 10: Sarika Goulatia April 17: Geña Creativity Corner: Family Art Tutorials Follow along step-by-step as museum educator Stacey McSorley completes an art project with simple household objects: Paper Windsock Decorative Paper Frame Paper Puppets Experimenting with Watercolor Paper Collage Sculpture Paper People Paper Beads Puzzles See if you can recreate one of our favorite paintings or a scene from our beautiful grounds! Try a digital Frick jigsaw puzzle here . Kids' Activities Have fun with art and history! Early Childhood Frick Grounds Bingo Feather Racing Paper Beads Artist Trading Cards Keith Haring Creative Color Wheels Explore with Watercolors Windsocks Neighborhood Bingo Environmental Art Fun with Lines House Scavenger Hunt Recycled Planters Parlor Games A Still Life of Your Own Fun with Shapes Fun with Color We Are Family Sock Bunny Art Project Paper Kite Project Afternoon Tea Elementary Frick Grounds Bingo Paper Collage Sculptures Feather Racing Paper Beads Be a Fan of Fans Artist Trading Cards Practice Makes Perfect ABCs Scavenger Hunt Keith Haring Creative Color Wheels Explore with Watercolors Windsocks More Parlor Games Neighborhood Bingo Take an Imaginary Road Trip What's New Environmental Art Fun with Lines Letter Writing House Scavenger Hunt A Description of My Bedroom Geniuses at Work Color Mixing Design a Coat of Arms Cinquain Poem Recycled Planters Parlor Games A Still Life of Your Own Upcycled Stained Glass Model T-riffic Pose for a Portrait Landscape Collage Afternoon Tea Automobile Timeline Car of the Future Winter Green Stories in Stained Glass Picasso Portraits Fun with Shapes History Mystery Draw Like Degas Paper People We Are Family Fun with Foil The Secret Language of Flowers Fun with Color Silly Art Mad Lib Sock Bunny Art Project Paper Kite Project Middle School Frick Grounds Bingo Paper Collage Sculptures Feather Racing Paper Beads Be a Fan of Fans Artist Trading Cards Practice Makes Perfect ABCs Scavenger Hunt Keith Haring Explore with Watercolors Windsocks Personification More Parlor Games Neighborhood Bingo Take an Imaginary Road Trip What's New Environmental Art Letter Writing House Scavenger Hunt A Description of My Bedroom Geniuses at Work Color Mixing Design a Coat of Arms Cinquain Poem Recycled Planters Parlor Games A Still Life of Your Own Upcycled Stained Glass Model T-riffic Pose for a Portrait Landscape Collage Automobile Timeline Car of the Future Winter Green Stories in Stained Glass Who's Who Picasso Portraits Household Helpers History Mystery Draw Like Degas Paper People We Are Family Fun with Foil The Secret Language of Flowers Fun with Color Mystery in the Masterpiece Vive la France Silly Art Mad Lib Sock Bunny Art Project Paper Kite Project High School Frick Grounds Bingo Paper Collage Sculptures Feather Racing Be a Fan of Fans Artist Trading Cards Practice Makes Perfect Explore with Watercolors Personification More Parlor Games Take an Imaginary Road Trip What's New Environmental Art Letter Writing A Description of My Bedroom Geniuses at Work Color Mixing Design a Coat of Arms Cinquain Poem Recycled Planters Parlor Games A Still Life of Your Own Upcycled Stained Glass Pose for a Portrait Landscape Collage Who's Who Household Helpers History Mystery We Are Family Fun with Foil Vive la France Silly Art Mad Lib Automobile Timeline Car of the Future Art Projects Paper Collage Sculptures Paper Beads Artist Trading Cards Keith Haring Explore with Watercolors Windsocks Environmental Art Color Mixing Recycled Planters Upcycled Stained Glass Landscape Collage Picasso Portraits Car of the Future Paper People Fun with Foil Sock Bunny Art Project Paper Kite Project × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Exhibitions |   . Home Exhibitions The Frick Pittsburgh Museums and Gardens Exhibitions The Frick offers an exciting schedule of special exhibitions featuring art and artists from the Renaissance to the present. Through January 11, 2026 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore From Sept. 27, 2025 - Jan. 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore at The Frick Pittsburgh. View Exhibition Through June 7, 2026 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled historic greenhouse. View Exhibition Permanent Collection In the galleries at The Frick Art Museum you will find fabulous examples of early Renaissance Italian painting; rare French and Flemish tapestries; Renaissance and Baroque bronze statuettes; eighteenth-century French painting, furniture and decorative arts; spectacular Chinese porcelains; and masterpieces by artists such as Rubens, Boucher, Gainsborough, and Fragonard. View Exhibition Chinese Porcelains from the Collection This special installation showcases Henry Clay Frick's broad and stunning collection of Chinese porcelains, which once decorated both Clayton and the Fricks' summer estate, Eagle Rock. Frick's collection of porcelains includes several objects previously owned by financier and collector J. P. Morgan as well as a delightful collection of miniature porcelains from the estate of ceramics connoisseur George B. Warren. View Exhibition From Carriages to Cars Learn about the profound impact the car had on American life at the Frick Car and Carriage Museum. View Exhibition Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick is a new collaboration with students of Duquesne University's Mary Pappert School of Music. The sounds of Frick past come to life through soundscapes, adding a new layer of dimensionality to the museum-going experience! View Exhibition Upcoming Exhibitions February 21, 2026 - May 17, 2026 Lewis Hine Pictures America From Feb. 21 - May 17, 2026, explore the work of Lewis Wickes Hine, the "father of documentary photography," at The Frick Pittsburgh with Lewis Hine Pictures America. Hine's artistic photos exposed the harsh realities faced by immigrants, children, and the working class in their everyday lives during the early decades of the twentieth century. View Exhibition June 20, 2026 - October 11, 2026 French Moderns From June 20 - Oct. 11, 2026, The Frick Pittsburgh presents French Moderns. Encompassing realism, impressionism, post-impressionism, symbolism, Fauvism, cubism and surrealism, French Moderns exemplifies the avant-garde movements that defined modern art in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries and that continue to awe art-goers today. View Exhibition Past Exhibitions 2025 Exhibitions March 1, 2025 Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) Comprised of 15 large-scale prints, Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) revisits the historical representations found in the 1862 publication "Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War" and overlays enlargements of woodcut plates with Kara Walker's silkscreen cutout figures in solid black silhouette. On view at the Frick Art Museum from March 1 through May 25 2025. View Exhibition August 17, 2024 - May 25, 2025 Pittsburgh Builds Bridges Pittsburgh Builds Bridges, an initiative by artist Ebtehal Badawi, promotes connection, inclusion, and compassion through community artmaking and conversation. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2024 Exhibitions March 17, 2021 Reckoning: Grief and Light Back by popular demand! A multisensory installation of sculpture by Artist-in-Residence Vanessa German explores the capacity of museums to function as spaces of public reckoning. Immerse yourself in this meditation on grief, love, and social healing -- a visual elegy to George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Elijah McClain, and other lives lost at the hands of police, accompanied by symphonic music inspired by the history of Africans enslaved on rice plantations. View Exhibition April 1, 2023 - March 10, 2024 From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print In partnership with Carnegie Mellon University Libraries, From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print celebrates the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's First Folio. Free and open to all. View Exhibition May 6, 2023 - February 4, 2024 Pittsburgh and the Great Migration: Black Mobility and the Automobile Pittsburgh neighborhoods like the Hill District became a haven for Black communities to thrive during the Great Migration (1916-1945). Explore automobile ownership and its effect on the lives of Black Americans in the mid-20th century. View Exhibition October 7, 2023 - January 28, 2024 The Red Dress 14 Years. 380 Embroiderers. 51 Countries. Millions of stitches. 1 Dress. A collaborative embroidery project, The Red Dress was conceived by British artist Kirstie Macleod as an artistic platform for women around the world. View Exhibition November 7, 2023 - May 19, 2024 Reckoning: Place and Imagination Reckoning: Place and Imagination features celebrated American artist, poet, and activist Vanessa German's latest outdoor sculpture, Of Thee We Sing . View Exhibition February 17, 2024 - March 9, 2024 Through My Lens: What It's Like to be a Child in My Neighborhood Through My Lens amplifies the voices of 4th and 5th graders in The Maker's Clubhouse's after-school program as they show what it's like to be a child through the lens of their own cameras. View Exhibition April 6, 2024 - July 14, 2024 Vermeer, Monet, Rembrandt: Forging the Frick Collections in Pittsburgh & New York The Frick Pittsburgh partners with New York-based The Frick Collection for a once-in-a-lifetime union of two extraordinary collections. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2023 Exhibitions October 15, 2022 American Perspectives: Stories from the American Folk Art Museum Collection This exhibition looks at the continuum of self-taught art across time and place from the earliest days of the founding of the United States to the present. Including an extraordinary selection of paintings, sculpture, and other objects as powerful vehicles for storytelling, this exhibition reveals the vital role folk art plays as a witness to history, marker of cultural heritage, and a reflection of the world at large. View Exhibition April 1, 2023 - March 10, 2024 From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print In partnership with Carnegie Mellon University Libraries, From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print celebrates the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's First Folio. Free and open to all. View Exhibition May 6, 2023 - February 4, 2024 Pittsburgh and the Great Migration: Black Mobility and the Automobile Pittsburgh neighborhoods like the Hill District became a haven for Black communities to thrive during the Great Migration (1916-1945). Explore automobile ownership and its effect on the lives of Black Americans in the mid-20th century. View Exhibition October 7, 2023 - January 28, 2024 The Red Dress 14 Years. 380 Embroiderers. 51 Countries. Millions of stitches. 1 Dress. A collaborative embroidery project, The Red Dress was conceived by British artist Kirstie Macleod as an artistic platform for women around the world. View Exhibition November 7, 2023 - May 19, 2024 Reckoning: Place and Imagination Reckoning: Place and Imagination features celebrated American artist, poet, and activist Vanessa German's latest outdoor sculpture, Of Thee We Sing . View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2022 Exhibitions April 30, 2022 Romare Bearden: Artist as Activist and Visionary This exhibition considers Romare Bearden (1911–1988) as an artist of social conscience and action. Layered with themes from literature and religion, Bearden created narratives that reflect both the nostalgic rural North Carolina of his childhood and the vibrant urban life of places like Pittsburgh and Harlem. View Exhibition November 6, 2021 - January 30, 2022 Victorian Radicals: From the Pre-Raphaelites to the Arts & Crafts Movement In the second half of the 19th century, three generations of rebellious artists and designers revolutionized the visual arts in Britain by challenging the new industrial world around them, offering a radical artistic and social vision inspired by the pre-industrial past. View Exhibition April 16, 2022 - July 10, 2022 SLAY: Artemisia Gentileschi & Kehinde Wiley Two monumental paintings of the biblical Judith and Holofernes, created 400 years apart, one by the most successful female painter of the 17th century, and the second by a contemporary artist recasting the Old Masters. Visceral, fierce, and completely arresting, these paintings together explore notions of identity, power, inequality, and triumph over oppression. View Exhibition July 29, 2022 - August 29, 2022 Le Mystere du Pouvoir Feminin Exploring the theme of feminist freedom, Le MystÃ¨re du Pouvoir FÃ©minin (The Mystery of Female Power) captures the essence of Lady Godiva, who over time has become a sexual symbol, political activist and medieval myth. View Exhibition August 25, 2022 - October 16, 2022 Murinzi by Cedric Mizero FashionAFRICANA presents Murinzi by Cedric Mizero. An exclusive exhibition in The Frick Art Museum Rotunda. View Exhibition October 15, 2022 - January 8, 2023 American Perspectives: Stories from the American Folk Art Museum Collection This exhibition looks at the continuum of self-taught art across time and place from the earliest days of the founding of the United States to the present. Including an extraordinary selection of paintings, sculpture, and other objects as powerful vehicles for storytelling, this exhibition reveals the vital role folk art plays as a witness to history, marker of cultural heritage, and a reflection of the world at large. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2021 Exhibitions November 8, 2020 The Frick Reflects: Looking Back, Moving Forward A critical look at The Frick Pittsburgh's permanent collection and institutional origin story, inspired by the 50th anniversary of the founding of The Frick Art Museum and 30th anniversary of Clayton's restoration and public opening, this exhibition examines the social context in which the Frick family lived, the perspective with which Helen Clay Frick founded the organization, and the values and viewpoints the collection reveals, sometimes unwittingly. View Exhibition August 15, 2020 - September 5, 2021 Bouke de Vries: War and Pieces A special installation at The Frick Art Museum presents Dutch contemporary artist Bouke de Vries' interpretation of an 18th-century tablescape with a sprawling assemblage of porcelain fragments resembling a nuclear wasteland. A former conservator of art objects, de Vries resurrects broken porcelain shards that would otherwise have been discarded and uses them to create new artworks that tackle both contemporary and historic issues. View Exhibition March 6, 2021 - May 30, 2021 Frida Kahlo—An Intimate Portrait: The Photographic Albums This exhibition provides rare and moving insight into the personal life of one of the 20th century's most iconic artists. Through 115 photographs selected from her private albums, this exhibition allows us to see Kahlo through the eyes of friends, family, and other noted photographic artists. View Exhibition March 6, 2021 - May 9, 2021 Frida Kahlo: Through the Lens of Nickolas Muray Photographic portraits dating from 1937 to 1946 explore Muray's unique perspective as Kahlo's friend, lover, and confidant, while highlighting Kahlo's deep interest in her Mexican heritage, her life and travels, and the family and friends around her. View Exhibition March 17, 2021 - March 10, 2024 Reckoning: Grief and Light Back by popular demand! A multisensory installation of sculpture by Artist-in-Residence Vanessa German explores the capacity of museums to function as spaces of public reckoning. Immerse yourself in this meditation on grief, love, and social healing -- a visual elegy to George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Elijah McClain, and other lives lost at the hands of police, accompanied by symphonic music inspired by the history of Africans enslaved on rice plantations. View Exhibition April 24, 2021 - November 28, 2021 Cast in Chrome: The Art of Hood Ornaments Over the history of motoring, hood ornaments evolved from the practical (externally mounted radiator caps) to the purely decorative. Today, only a few luxury brands continue the tradition. Why were hood ornaments so popular and what led to their near demise? View Exhibition May 12, 2021 - May 30, 2021 decolonizing: intimate family portraiture Inspired by the personal photographs in Frida Kahlo—An Intimate Portrait , 13 women artists of the locally based #notwhite collective selected photographs from our their own family albums to create an intimate, collective portrait of themselves. Through their photos, they share experiences that bind them together—love, joy, family, loss—and express their unique cultural identities. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2020 Exhibitions October 19, 2019 Katharine Hepburn: Dressed for Stage and Screen This exhibition, drawn from the collection at the Kent State University Museum, features a range of costumes and fashions instrumental in shaping some of the most memorable characters portrayed on stage or screen by acclaimed actress Katharine Hepburn (1907-2003), one of the most iconic stars of the 20th century. View Exhibition February 15, 2020 - September 27, 2020 Maker and Muse: Women and Early Twentieth Century Art Jewelry Featuring exquisite examples of beauty and craftsmanship by makers such as Louis Comfort Tiffany and Charlotte Newman, Maker & Muse celebrates the impact of women on the innovative and imaginative jewelry of the early 1900s. View Exhibition August 15, 2020 - September 5, 2021 Bouke de Vries: War and Pieces A special installation at The Frick Art Museum presents Dutch contemporary artist Bouke de Vries' interpretation of an 18th-century tablescape with a sprawling assemblage of porcelain fragments resembling a nuclear wasteland. A former conservator of art objects, de Vries resurrects broken porcelain shards that would otherwise have been discarded and uses them to create new artworks that tackle both contemporary and historic issues. View Exhibition November 8, 2020 - February 7, 2021 The Frick Reflects: Looking Back, Moving Forward A critical look at The Frick Pittsburgh's permanent collection and institutional origin story, inspired by the 50th anniversary of the founding of The Frick Art Museum and 30th anniversary of Clayton's restoration and public opening, this exhibition examines the social context in which the Frick family lived, the perspective with which Helen Clay Frick founded the organization, and the values and viewpoints the collection reveals, sometimes unwittingly. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2019 Exhibitions February 9, 2019 Street Photography to Surrealism: The Golden Age of Photography in France, 1900-1945 Visit the streets, flea markets, shops, dance halls, and after-hours demi-monde of Paris in this exhibition that explores one of the most fascinating and creative periods in photography. View Exhibition August 14, 2018 - March 31, 2019 Mrs. Peacock: A Gilded Age Portrait An opulent example of Gilded Age portraiture, this full-length society portrait of Mrs. Irene M. Peacock was painted by Raimundo de Madrazo in 1902. View Exhibition October 13, 2018 - January 6, 2019 Isabelle de Borchgrave: Fashioning Art from Paper Belgian artist Isabelle de Borchgrave's marvelous paper costumes were on view at the Frick during the fall of 2018 as part of the artist's first touring retrospective exhibition. View Exhibition June 1, 2019 - November 3, 2019 The Hunt for a Seat: Sporting Carriages in the Early Twentieth Century The Hunt for a Seat: Sporting Carriages in the Early Twentieth Century explores the unique characteristics, design and history of sporting-class vehicles. Planned to coincide with A Sporting Vision: The Mellon Collection of British Sporting Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Art at The Frick Art Museum, this special installation includes four loaned carriages to supplement three in the Frick's collection and create a broader picture of the use of carriages for sport and recreation. View Exhibition June 15, 2019 - September 8, 2019 A Sporting Vision: The Paul Mellon Collection of British Sporting Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts Beginning in around 1700 and spanning more than 200 years, the enduring appeal and beauty of English country life is reflected in more than 80 paintings, including a special section devoted to the incomparable work of famed horse and animal painter George Stubbs (1724-1806). View Exhibition October 19, 2019 - January 12, 2020 Katharine Hepburn: Dressed for Stage and Screen This exhibition, drawn from the collection at the Kent State University Museum, features a range of costumes and fashions instrumental in shaping some of the most memorable characters portrayed on stage or screen by acclaimed actress Katharine Hepburn (1907-2003), one of the most iconic stars of the 20th century. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2018 Exhibitions October 21, 2017 Undressed: A History of Fashion in Underwear This blockbuster exhibition presented the fascinating history of underwear design from the 18th century to the present. View Exhibition February 17, 2018 - May 27, 2018 Revive, Remix, Respond: Contemporary Ceramic Artists and The Frick Pittsburgh This exhibition brought an exciting group of works by contemporary ceramic artists to the Frick. View Exhibition March 17, 2018 - July 15, 2018 Van Gogh, Monet, Degas: The Mellon Collection of French Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts The Frick Pittsburgh presented Van Gogh, Monet, Degas: The Mellon Collection of French Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts , an exhibition featuring more than 70 masterpieces collected by Pittsburgh-born collector and philanthropist, Paul Mellon (1907-1999), beginning in spring 2018. View Exhibition July 7, 2018 - October 21, 2018 Driving the Disenfranchised: The Automobile's Role in Women's Suffrage Discover the automobile's impact on increasing individual autonomy and heralding vast social changes in the 20th century. View Exhibition August 14, 2018 - March 31, 2019 Mrs. Peacock: A Gilded Age Portrait An opulent example of Gilded Age portraiture, this full-length society portrait of Mrs. Irene M. Peacock was painted by Raimundo de Madrazo in 1902. View Exhibition October 13, 2018 - January 6, 2019 Isabelle de Borchgrave: Fashioning Art from Paper Belgian artist Isabelle de Borchgrave's marvelous paper costumes were on view at the Frick during the fall of 2018 as part of the artist's first touring retrospective exhibition. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2017 Exhibitions October 29, 2016 The Frick Collects: From Rubens to Monet From Henry Clay Frick's early purchases, to his daughter Helen's collecting interests, through to the acquisitions that have been made by the museum in recent years, this exhibition told the story of The Frick Pittsburgh through its collection. View Exhibition April 15, 2017 - October 22, 2017 Elise Adibi: Respiration Paintings Nationally recognized contemporary artist Elise Adibi worked with the innate characteristics of the greenhouse, making use of the natural light, seasonal changes, and elevated humidity to both display and transform her artwork. A series of paintings installed to surround the viewer and coexist with the plants, Respiration Paintings explored the interconnection and intimate relationship between art, nature, and people. View Exhibition June 17, 2017 - September 10, 2017 Irving Penn: Beyond Beauty In a career that spanned seven decades, iconic American photographer Irving Penn (1917-2009) created an enormous body of work. This retrospective featured the full range of his accomplishment in more than 140 photographs including early social realist images, glamorous fashion photographs, insightful portraits, still lifes, nudes, and his late work with found objects. View Exhibition October 21, 2017 - January 14, 2018 Undressed: A History of Fashion in Underwear This blockbuster exhibition presented the fascinating history of underwear design from the 18th century to the present. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2016 Exhibitions June 11, 2016 Killer Heels: The Art of the High-Heeled Shoe Deadly sharp stilettos, architecturally inspired wedges and platforms, and a number of artfully crafted shoes that defy categorization were featured among the selection of nearly 160 historical and contemporary heels on loan from designers, the renowned Brooklyn Museum costume collection housed at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Bata Shoe Museum, and others. View Exhibition February 6, 2015 - May 15, 2016 Fast Cars and Femmes Fatales: The Photographs of Jacques Henri Lartigue The exhibition spans the years from 1907 to 1958 and reproductions of pages of his photo albums give insight into Lartigue's creative process and his acute observations of life. View Exhibition October 3, 2015 - January 10, 2016 Forbidden Fruit: Chris Antemann at MEISSEN The Frick presented Antemann's major works for Meissen, The Love Temple, and The Pleasure Garden (inspired by Fragonard's famous Progress of Love series) as well as a selection of smaller works, in the context of our permanent collection of 18th-century French art. View Exhibition October 29, 2016 - May 14, 2017 The Frick Collects: From Rubens to Monet From Henry Clay Frick's early purchases, to his daughter Helen's collecting interests, through to the acquisitions that have been made by the museum in recent years, this exhibition told the story of The Frick Pittsburgh through its collection. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2015 Exhibitions November 1, 2014 Charles Courtney Curran: Seeking the Ideal Henry Clay Frick purchased Curran's 1890 painting Woman with a Horse and Carriage, which typically hangs in the Clayton library. For this exhibition, our painting will join about 60 others as Curran's work travels to three North American venues (including The Frick Art Museum) in this first critical retrospective of his career since his death in 1942. The exhibition is organized by the Dixon Gallery & Gardens, Memphis, and will be accompanied by a full-color catalogue. View Exhibition February 6, 2015 - May 15, 2016 Fast Cars and Femmes Fatales: The Photographs of Jacques Henri Lartigue The exhibition spans the years from 1907 to 1958 and reproductions of pages of his photo albums give insight into Lartigue's creative process and his acute observations of life. View Exhibition February 21, 2015 - April 19, 2015 Impressionist to Modernist: Masterworks of Early Photography Featuring an international group of artists,this exhibition captured, through more than 70 works, a pivotal time in the history of the development of the medium. Rare, hand-crafted-vintage prints made through a variety of processes illustrate some of the artistic choices open to the late-19th and early-20th century photographer, and chart the shift to prominence of the classic black and white (gelatin silver) print, which came to dominate photography in the 20th century. View Exhibition May 9, 2015 - August 2, 2015 Rolling Hills, Satanic Mills: The British Passion for Landscape Drawn from the remarkable collections of the National Museum Wales, more than 60 works of art in this exhibition trace the development of landscape painting in Britain through the Industrial Revolution and the eras of Romanticism, Impressionism, and Modernism, to the postmodern and post-industrial imagery of today. View Exhibition October 3, 2015 - January 10, 2016 Forbidden Fruit: Chris Antemann at MEISSEN The Frick presented Antemann's major works for Meissen, The Love Temple, and The Pleasure Garden (inspired by Fragonard's famous Progress of Love series) as well as a selection of smaller works, in the context of our permanent collection of 18th-century French art. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2014 Exhibitions June 28, 2014 Edgar Degas: The Private Impressionist: Works on Paper by the Artist and His Circle This exhibition of more than 100 works on paper is built around a core group of 55 works by Degas, known as one of the strongest draftsmen of the Impressionist circle. From early drawings to late experiments in photography, the exhibition will illuminate the artist's personal life, his creative restlessness and experimentation, and his wider artistic circle. View Exhibition March 1, 2014 - May 25, 2014 The Warner Collection: An American Odyssey This exciting exhibition features American artists from the nation's early years of independence through the dawn of the 20th century and includes major artists and movements from the Peale family and Gilbert Stuart to American Impressionists like Childe Hassam and Theodore Robinson, with beautiful Hudson River School works falling in between. View Exhibition July 13, 2014 - October 27, 2014 Clayton Days Revisited: A Project by Vik Muniz In 1999 the Frick collaborated with contemporary artist Vik Muniz on a project that resulted in an exhibition of 65 photographs made on site and in the nearby environs of Pittsburgh. This exhibition marked the Frick's first venture into working with a living artist, and resulted in a significant body of work. View Exhibition November 1, 2014 - February 1, 2015 Charles Courtney Curran: Seeking the Ideal Henry Clay Frick purchased Curran's 1890 painting Woman with a Horse and Carriage, which typically hangs in the Clayton library. For this exhibition, our painting will join about 60 others as Curran's work travels to three North American venues (including The Frick Art Museum) in this first critical retrospective of his career since his death in 1942. The exhibition is organized by the Dixon Gallery & Gardens, Memphis, and will be accompanied by a full-color catalogue. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2013 Exhibitions October 6, 2012 Impressions of Interiors: Gilded Age Paintings by Walter Gay American artist Walter Gay (1856-1937) specialized in painting views of opulent residential interiors in late-19th and early-20th-century America and Europe. John Singer Sargent, Gay's nearly exact contemporary, is well known for painting the sumptuous clothing and jewels of American society in his fashionable portraits. View Exhibition February 23, 2013 - June 16, 2013 A Kind of Alchemy: Medieval Persian Ceramics Produced for both the luxury and middle-class markets, these vessels, bowls, pitchers, and bottles reflect numerous cultural and artistic influences and an aesthetic sensibility that seems startlingly modern. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions 2012 Exhibitions October 6, 2012 Impressions of Interiors: Gilded Age Paintings by Walter Gay American artist Walter Gay (1856-1937) specialized in painting views of opulent residential interiors in late-19th and early-20th-century America and Europe. John Singer Sargent, Gay's nearly exact contemporary, is well known for painting the sumptuous clothing and jewels of American society in his fashionable portraits. View Exhibition View All Past Exhibitions Get ready to visit the Frick. Download our museum map to prepare for your visit! Download Map @Frickpgh on Instagram Right now at the Frick It's free to visit The Frick Pittsburgh. Admission is required for Clayton tours and special exhibitions. Plan your Visit × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Past Exhibitions |   . Home Past Exhibitions Past Exhibitions March 1, 2025 Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) Comprised of 15 large-scale prints, Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) revisits the historical representations found in the 1862 publication "Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War" and overlays enlargements of woodcut plates with Kara Walker's silkscreen cutout figures in solid black silhouette. On view at the Frick Art Museum from March 1 through May 25 2025. View Exhibition August 17, 2024 Pittsburgh Builds Bridges Pittsburgh Builds Bridges, an initiative by artist Ebtehal Badawi, promotes connection, inclusion, and compassion through community artmaking and conversation. View Exhibition 2024 Exhibitions March 17, 2021 Reckoning: Grief and Light Back by popular demand! A multisensory installation of sculpture by Artist-in-Residence Vanessa German explores the capacity of museums to function as spaces of public reckoning. Immerse yourself in this meditation on grief, love, and social healing -- a visual elegy to George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Elijah McClain, and other lives lost at the hands of police, accompanied by symphonic music inspired by the history of Africans enslaved on rice plantations. View Exhibition April 1, 2023 - March 10, 2024 From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print In partnership with Carnegie Mellon University Libraries, From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print celebrates the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's First Folio. Free and open to all. View Exhibition May 6, 2023 - February 4, 2024 Pittsburgh and the Great Migration: Black Mobility and the Automobile Pittsburgh neighborhoods like the Hill District became a haven for Black communities to thrive during the Great Migration (1916-1945). Explore automobile ownership and its effect on the lives of Black Americans in the mid-20th century. View Exhibition October 7, 2023 - January 28, 2024 The Red Dress 14 Years. 380 Embroiderers. 51 Countries. Millions of stitches. 1 Dress. A collaborative embroidery project, The Red Dress was conceived by British artist Kirstie Macleod as an artistic platform for women around the world. View Exhibition November 7, 2023 - May 19, 2024 Reckoning: Place and Imagination Reckoning: Place and Imagination features celebrated American artist, poet, and activist Vanessa German's latest outdoor sculpture, Of Thee We Sing . View Exhibition February 17, 2024 - March 9, 2024 Through My Lens: What It's Like to be a Child in My Neighborhood Through My Lens amplifies the voices of 4th and 5th graders in The Maker's Clubhouse's after-school program as they show what it's like to be a child through the lens of their own cameras. View Exhibition April 6, 2024 - July 14, 2024 Vermeer, Monet, Rembrandt: Forging the Frick Collections in Pittsburgh & New York The Frick Pittsburgh partners with New York-based The Frick Collection for a once-in-a-lifetime union of two extraordinary collections. View Exhibition 2023 Exhibitions October 15, 2022 American Perspectives: Stories from the American Folk Art Museum Collection This exhibition looks at the continuum of self-taught art across time and place from the earliest days of the founding of the United States to the present. Including an extraordinary selection of paintings, sculpture, and other objects as powerful vehicles for storytelling, this exhibition reveals the vital role folk art plays as a witness to history, marker of cultural heritage, and a reflection of the world at large. View Exhibition April 1, 2023 - March 10, 2024 From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print In partnership with Carnegie Mellon University Libraries, From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print celebrates the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's First Folio. Free and open to all. View Exhibition May 6, 2023 - February 4, 2024 Pittsburgh and the Great Migration: Black Mobility and the Automobile Pittsburgh neighborhoods like the Hill District became a haven for Black communities to thrive during the Great Migration (1916-1945). Explore automobile ownership and its effect on the lives of Black Americans in the mid-20th century. View Exhibition October 7, 2023 - January 28, 2024 The Red Dress 14 Years. 380 Embroiderers. 51 Countries. Millions of stitches. 1 Dress. A collaborative embroidery project, The Red Dress was conceived by British artist Kirstie Macleod as an artistic platform for women around the world. View Exhibition November 7, 2023 - May 19, 2024 Reckoning: Place and Imagination Reckoning: Place and Imagination features celebrated American artist, poet, and activist Vanessa German's latest outdoor sculpture, Of Thee We Sing . View Exhibition 2022 Exhibitions April 30, 2022 Romare Bearden: Artist as Activist and Visionary This exhibition considers Romare Bearden (1911–1988) as an artist of social conscience and action. Layered with themes from literature and religion, Bearden created narratives that reflect both the nostalgic rural North Carolina of his childhood and the vibrant urban life of places like Pittsburgh and Harlem. View Exhibition November 6, 2021 - January 30, 2022 Victorian Radicals: From the Pre-Raphaelites to the Arts & Crafts Movement In the second half of the 19th century, three generations of rebellious artists and designers revolutionized the visual arts in Britain by challenging the new industrial world around them, offering a radical artistic and social vision inspired by the pre-industrial past. View Exhibition April 16, 2022 - July 10, 2022 SLAY: Artemisia Gentileschi & Kehinde Wiley Two monumental paintings of the biblical Judith and Holofernes, created 400 years apart, one by the most successful female painter of the 17th century, and the second by a contemporary artist recasting the Old Masters. Visceral, fierce, and completely arresting, these paintings together explore notions of identity, power, inequality, and triumph over oppression. View Exhibition July 29, 2022 - August 29, 2022 Le Mystere du Pouvoir Feminin Exploring the theme of feminist freedom, Le MystÃ¨re du Pouvoir FÃ©minin (The Mystery of Female Power) captures the essence of Lady Godiva, who over time has become a sexual symbol, political activist and medieval myth. View Exhibition August 25, 2022 - October 16, 2022 Murinzi by Cedric Mizero FashionAFRICANA presents Murinzi by Cedric Mizero. An exclusive exhibition in The Frick Art Museum Rotunda. View Exhibition October 15, 2022 - January 8, 2023 American Perspectives: Stories from the American Folk Art Museum Collection This exhibition looks at the continuum of self-taught art across time and place from the earliest days of the founding of the United States to the present. Including an extraordinary selection of paintings, sculpture, and other objects as powerful vehicles for storytelling, this exhibition reveals the vital role folk art plays as a witness to history, marker of cultural heritage, and a reflection of the world at large. View Exhibition 2021 Exhibitions November 8, 2020 The Frick Reflects: Looking Back, Moving Forward A critical look at The Frick Pittsburgh's permanent collection and institutional origin story, inspired by the 50th anniversary of the founding of The Frick Art Museum and 30th anniversary of Clayton's restoration and public opening, this exhibition examines the social context in which the Frick family lived, the perspective with which Helen Clay Frick founded the organization, and the values and viewpoints the collection reveals, sometimes unwittingly. View Exhibition August 15, 2020 - September 5, 2021 Bouke de Vries: War and Pieces A special installation at The Frick Art Museum presents Dutch contemporary artist Bouke de Vries' interpretation of an 18th-century tablescape with a sprawling assemblage of porcelain fragments resembling a nuclear wasteland. A former conservator of art objects, de Vries resurrects broken porcelain shards that would otherwise have been discarded and uses them to create new artworks that tackle both contemporary and historic issues. View Exhibition March 6, 2021 - May 30, 2021 Frida Kahlo—An Intimate Portrait: The Photographic Albums This exhibition provides rare and moving insight into the personal life of one of the 20th century's most iconic artists. Through 115 photographs selected from her private albums, this exhibition allows us to see Kahlo through the eyes of friends, family, and other noted photographic artists. View Exhibition March 6, 2021 - May 9, 2021 Frida Kahlo: Through the Lens of Nickolas Muray Photographic portraits dating from 1937 to 1946 explore Muray's unique perspective as Kahlo's friend, lover, and confidant, while highlighting Kahlo's deep interest in her Mexican heritage, her life and travels, and the family and friends around her. View Exhibition March 17, 2021 - March 10, 2024 Reckoning: Grief and Light Back by popular demand! A multisensory installation of sculpture by Artist-in-Residence Vanessa German explores the capacity of museums to function as spaces of public reckoning. Immerse yourself in this meditation on grief, love, and social healing -- a visual elegy to George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Elijah McClain, and other lives lost at the hands of police, accompanied by symphonic music inspired by the history of Africans enslaved on rice plantations. View Exhibition April 24, 2021 - November 28, 2021 Cast in Chrome: The Art of Hood Ornaments Over the history of motoring, hood ornaments evolved from the practical (externally mounted radiator caps) to the purely decorative. Today, only a few luxury brands continue the tradition. Why were hood ornaments so popular and what led to their near demise? View Exhibition May 12, 2021 - May 30, 2021 decolonizing: intimate family portraiture Inspired by the personal photographs in Frida Kahlo—An Intimate Portrait , 13 women artists of the locally based #notwhite collective selected photographs from our their own family albums to create an intimate, collective portrait of themselves. Through their photos, they share experiences that bind them together—love, joy, family, loss—and express their unique cultural identities. View Exhibition 2020 Exhibitions October 19, 2019 Katharine Hepburn: Dressed for Stage and Screen This exhibition, drawn from the collection at the Kent State University Museum, features a range of costumes and fashions instrumental in shaping some of the most memorable characters portrayed on stage or screen by acclaimed actress Katharine Hepburn (1907-2003), one of the most iconic stars of the 20th century. View Exhibition February 15, 2020 - September 27, 2020 Maker and Muse: Women and Early Twentieth Century Art Jewelry Featuring exquisite examples of beauty and craftsmanship by makers such as Louis Comfort Tiffany and Charlotte Newman, Maker & Muse celebrates the impact of women on the innovative and imaginative jewelry of the early 1900s. View Exhibition August 15, 2020 - September 5, 2021 Bouke de Vries: War and Pieces A special installation at The Frick Art Museum presents Dutch contemporary artist Bouke de Vries' interpretation of an 18th-century tablescape with a sprawling assemblage of porcelain fragments resembling a nuclear wasteland. A former conservator of art objects, de Vries resurrects broken porcelain shards that would otherwise have been discarded and uses them to create new artworks that tackle both contemporary and historic issues. View Exhibition November 8, 2020 - February 7, 2021 The Frick Reflects: Looking Back, Moving Forward A critical look at The Frick Pittsburgh's permanent collection and institutional origin story, inspired by the 50th anniversary of the founding of The Frick Art Museum and 30th anniversary of Clayton's restoration and public opening, this exhibition examines the social context in which the Frick family lived, the perspective with which Helen Clay Frick founded the organization, and the values and viewpoints the collection reveals, sometimes unwittingly. View Exhibition 2019 Exhibitions February 9, 2019 Street Photography to Surrealism: The Golden Age of Photography in France, 1900-1945 Visit the streets, flea markets, shops, dance halls, and after-hours demi-monde of Paris in this exhibition that explores one of the most fascinating and creative periods in photography. View Exhibition August 14, 2018 - March 31, 2019 Mrs. Peacock: A Gilded Age Portrait An opulent example of Gilded Age portraiture, this full-length society portrait of Mrs. Irene M. Peacock was painted by Raimundo de Madrazo in 1902. View Exhibition October 13, 2018 - January 6, 2019 Isabelle de Borchgrave: Fashioning Art from Paper Belgian artist Isabelle de Borchgrave's marvelous paper costumes were on view at the Frick during the fall of 2018 as part of the artist's first touring retrospective exhibition. View Exhibition June 1, 2019 - November 3, 2019 The Hunt for a Seat: Sporting Carriages in the Early Twentieth Century The Hunt for a Seat: Sporting Carriages in the Early Twentieth Century explores the unique characteristics, design and history of sporting-class vehicles. Planned to coincide with A Sporting Vision: The Mellon Collection of British Sporting Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Art at The Frick Art Museum, this special installation includes four loaned carriages to supplement three in the Frick's collection and create a broader picture of the use of carriages for sport and recreation. View Exhibition June 15, 2019 - September 8, 2019 A Sporting Vision: The Paul Mellon Collection of British Sporting Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts Beginning in around 1700 and spanning more than 200 years, the enduring appeal and beauty of English country life is reflected in more than 80 paintings, including a special section devoted to the incomparable work of famed horse and animal painter George Stubbs (1724-1806). View Exhibition October 19, 2019 - January 12, 2020 Katharine Hepburn: Dressed for Stage and Screen This exhibition, drawn from the collection at the Kent State University Museum, features a range of costumes and fashions instrumental in shaping some of the most memorable characters portrayed on stage or screen by acclaimed actress Katharine Hepburn (1907-2003), one of the most iconic stars of the 20th century. View Exhibition 2018 Exhibitions October 21, 2017 Undressed: A History of Fashion in Underwear This blockbuster exhibition presented the fascinating history of underwear design from the 18th century to the present. View Exhibition February 17, 2018 - May 27, 2018 Revive, Remix, Respond: Contemporary Ceramic Artists and The Frick Pittsburgh This exhibition brought an exciting group of works by contemporary ceramic artists to the Frick. View Exhibition March 17, 2018 - July 15, 2018 Van Gogh, Monet, Degas: The Mellon Collection of French Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts The Frick Pittsburgh presented Van Gogh, Monet, Degas: The Mellon Collection of French Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts , an exhibition featuring more than 70 masterpieces collected by Pittsburgh-born collector and philanthropist, Paul Mellon (1907-1999), beginning in spring 2018. View Exhibition July 7, 2018 - October 21, 2018 Driving the Disenfranchised: The Automobile's Role in Women's Suffrage Discover the automobile's impact on increasing individual autonomy and heralding vast social changes in the 20th century. View Exhibition August 14, 2018 - March 31, 2019 Mrs. Peacock: A Gilded Age Portrait An opulent example of Gilded Age portraiture, this full-length society portrait of Mrs. Irene M. Peacock was painted by Raimundo de Madrazo in 1902. View Exhibition October 13, 2018 - January 6, 2019 Isabelle de Borchgrave: Fashioning Art from Paper Belgian artist Isabelle de Borchgrave's marvelous paper costumes were on view at the Frick during the fall of 2018 as part of the artist's first touring retrospective exhibition. View Exhibition 2017 Exhibitions October 29, 2016 The Frick Collects: From Rubens to Monet From Henry Clay Frick's early purchases, to his daughter Helen's collecting interests, through to the acquisitions that have been made by the museum in recent years, this exhibition told the story of The Frick Pittsburgh through its collection. View Exhibition April 15, 2017 - October 22, 2017 Elise Adibi: Respiration Paintings Nationally recognized contemporary artist Elise Adibi worked with the innate characteristics of the greenhouse, making use of the natural light, seasonal changes, and elevated humidity to both display and transform her artwork. A series of paintings installed to surround the viewer and coexist with the plants, Respiration Paintings explored the interconnection and intimate relationship between art, nature, and people. View Exhibition June 17, 2017 - September 10, 2017 Irving Penn: Beyond Beauty In a career that spanned seven decades, iconic American photographer Irving Penn (1917-2009) created an enormous body of work. This retrospective featured the full range of his accomplishment in more than 140 photographs including early social realist images, glamorous fashion photographs, insightful portraits, still lifes, nudes, and his late work with found objects. View Exhibition October 21, 2017 - January 14, 2018 Undressed: A History of Fashion in Underwear This blockbuster exhibition presented the fascinating history of underwear design from the 18th century to the present. View Exhibition 2016 Exhibitions June 11, 2016 Killer Heels: The Art of the High-Heeled Shoe Deadly sharp stilettos, architecturally inspired wedges and platforms, and a number of artfully crafted shoes that defy categorization were featured among the selection of nearly 160 historical and contemporary heels on loan from designers, the renowned Brooklyn Museum costume collection housed at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Bata Shoe Museum, and others. View Exhibition February 6, 2015 - May 15, 2016 Fast Cars and Femmes Fatales: The Photographs of Jacques Henri Lartigue The exhibition spans the years from 1907 to 1958 and reproductions of pages of his photo albums give insight into Lartigue's creative process and his acute observations of life. View Exhibition October 3, 2015 - January 10, 2016 Forbidden Fruit: Chris Antemann at MEISSEN The Frick presented Antemann's major works for Meissen, The Love Temple, and The Pleasure Garden (inspired by Fragonard's famous Progress of Love series) as well as a selection of smaller works, in the context of our permanent collection of 18th-century French art. View Exhibition October 29, 2016 - May 14, 2017 The Frick Collects: From Rubens to Monet From Henry Clay Frick's early purchases, to his daughter Helen's collecting interests, through to the acquisitions that have been made by the museum in recent years, this exhibition told the story of The Frick Pittsburgh through its collection. View Exhibition 2015 Exhibitions November 1, 2014 Charles Courtney Curran: Seeking the Ideal Henry Clay Frick purchased Curran's 1890 painting Woman with a Horse and Carriage, which typically hangs in the Clayton library. For this exhibition, our painting will join about 60 others as Curran's work travels to three North American venues (including The Frick Art Museum) in this first critical retrospective of his career since his death in 1942. The exhibition is organized by the Dixon Gallery & Gardens, Memphis, and will be accompanied by a full-color catalogue. View Exhibition February 6, 2015 - May 15, 2016 Fast Cars and Femmes Fatales: The Photographs of Jacques Henri Lartigue The exhibition spans the years from 1907 to 1958 and reproductions of pages of his photo albums give insight into Lartigue's creative process and his acute observations of life. View Exhibition February 21, 2015 - April 19, 2015 Impressionist to Modernist: Masterworks of Early Photography Featuring an international group of artists,this exhibition captured, through more than 70 works, a pivotal time in the history of the development of the medium. Rare, hand-crafted-vintage prints made through a variety of processes illustrate some of the artistic choices open to the late-19th and early-20th century photographer, and chart the shift to prominence of the classic black and white (gelatin silver) print, which came to dominate photography in the 20th century. View Exhibition May 9, 2015 - August 2, 2015 Rolling Hills, Satanic Mills: The British Passion for Landscape Drawn from the remarkable collections of the National Museum Wales, more than 60 works of art in this exhibition trace the development of landscape painting in Britain through the Industrial Revolution and the eras of Romanticism, Impressionism, and Modernism, to the postmodern and post-industrial imagery of today. View Exhibition October 3, 2015 - January 10, 2016 Forbidden Fruit: Chris Antemann at MEISSEN The Frick presented Antemann's major works for Meissen, The Love Temple, and The Pleasure Garden (inspired by Fragonard's famous Progress of Love series) as well as a selection of smaller works, in the context of our permanent collection of 18th-century French art. View Exhibition 2014 Exhibitions June 28, 2014 Edgar Degas: The Private Impressionist: Works on Paper by the Artist and His Circle This exhibition of more than 100 works on paper is built around a core group of 55 works by Degas, known as one of the strongest draftsmen of the Impressionist circle. From early drawings to late experiments in photography, the exhibition will illuminate the artist's personal life, his creative restlessness and experimentation, and his wider artistic circle. View Exhibition March 1, 2014 - May 25, 2014 The Warner Collection: An American Odyssey This exciting exhibition features American artists from the nation's early years of independence through the dawn of the 20th century and includes major artists and movements from the Peale family and Gilbert Stuart to American Impressionists like Childe Hassam and Theodore Robinson, with beautiful Hudson River School works falling in between. View Exhibition July 13, 2014 - October 27, 2014 Clayton Days Revisited: A Project by Vik Muniz In 1999 the Frick collaborated with contemporary artist Vik Muniz on a project that resulted in an exhibition of 65 photographs made on site and in the nearby environs of Pittsburgh. This exhibition marked the Frick's first venture into working with a living artist, and resulted in a significant body of work. View Exhibition November 1, 2014 - February 1, 2015 Charles Courtney Curran: Seeking the Ideal Henry Clay Frick purchased Curran's 1890 painting Woman with a Horse and Carriage, which typically hangs in the Clayton library. For this exhibition, our painting will join about 60 others as Curran's work travels to three North American venues (including The Frick Art Museum) in this first critical retrospective of his career since his death in 1942. The exhibition is organized by the Dixon Gallery & Gardens, Memphis, and will be accompanied by a full-color catalogue. View Exhibition 2013 Exhibitions October 6, 2012 Impressions of Interiors: Gilded Age Paintings by Walter Gay American artist Walter Gay (1856-1937) specialized in painting views of opulent residential interiors in late-19th and early-20th-century America and Europe. John Singer Sargent, Gay's nearly exact contemporary, is well known for painting the sumptuous clothing and jewels of American society in his fashionable portraits. View Exhibition February 23, 2013 - June 16, 2013 A Kind of Alchemy: Medieval Persian Ceramics Produced for both the luxury and middle-class markets, these vessels, bowls, pitchers, and bottles reflect numerous cultural and artistic influences and an aesthetic sensibility that seems startlingly modern. View Exhibition 2012 Exhibitions October 6, 2012 Impressions of Interiors: Gilded Age Paintings by Walter Gay American artist Walter Gay (1856-1937) specialized in painting views of opulent residential interiors in late-19th and early-20th-century America and Europe. John Singer Sargent, Gay's nearly exact contemporary, is well known for painting the sumptuous clothing and jewels of American society in his fashionable portraits. View Exhibition @FrickPgh on Instagram Right Now at the Frick It's always free to visit the Frick. Plan your visit today! Plan your trip × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Virtual Exhibitions |   . Home Virtual Exhibitions Google Arts & Culture Virtual Exhibitions The Frick is excited to be the first cultural institution in Western Pennsylvania to partner with the Google Cultural Institute to join the Google Arts & Culture platform. Through this partnership, we invite you to explore our virtual exhibitions – including Gilded Age Fashion, Entertaining at Home, Vive La France!, Collecting Millet, Around the World as well as Collection Highlights and Portraits & Personalities. Collection Highlights Gilded Age Fashion Entertaining at Home Vive la France! Collecting Millet Around the World Portraits & Personalities × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore |   . Home Exhibitions The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home Landscape and Lore Tickets Now On Sale! This season, book a trip to Scandinavia but leave your passport behind. From landscapes to lore, hand-carved heirlooms to resplendent tapestries, The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore invites you into a world where domestic and mythic intertwine. This never-before-seen private collection is one of the finest in North America — and its premiere showing is at The Frick Pittsburgh. Featuring stunning landscapes, portraits, furniture, and decorative arts, this exhibition comprises more than 100 works from the private collection of Pennsylvania-based art collectors David and Susan Werner. The Werners’ collection includes furniture, ceramics, glass, painting, textiles, sculpture, graphics, and metalwork from eighteenth through the mid-twentieth century Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and Finland. Exhibitions of Scandinavian art typically focus on either painting — often on the work of a single artist or theme such as landscape — or on artisanal design. The Scandinavian Home integrates folk, decorative, and fine art with “home” as a central metaphor, mirroring the tastes and convictions of the period’s collectors and creators. In doing so, the exhibition examines the entangled notions of home and homeland central to the art and material culture of Nordic countries. The arts played a crucial role in reinforcing a shared sense of belonging as Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden strove to identify and celebrate “authentic” local and national identities. The linkages among land, landscape, handicraft, and domestic dwellings as dimensions of “home” are embedded in the objects on display in the exhibition. The exhibition was created by consulting curators Patricia G. Berman, Ph.D., and Michelle Facos, Ph.D., and organized by Dawn R. Brean, chief curator and director of collections at The Frick Pittsburgh. Exhibition Labels and Texts Explore the story of The Scandinavian Home and its more than 100 works on display through the exhibition's text and labels, found below. Read More Exhibition Catalog Add a piece of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore to your own home with the official exhibition catalog. Buy Online Exhibition Supporters The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore is made possible by many generous supporters. If you would like to join the list of supporters, click here to make a gift in support of this milestone exhibition . View Exhibition Supporters Program Information The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Dates: September 27, 2025 - January 11, 2026 Location: The Frick Art Museum Admission: Experience The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore from September 27, 2025 through January 11, 2026. Tickets are timed admission. The start time indicated on your ticket is the earliest you can enter the exhibition. You will be granted admission with your ticket at any point between the listed start time and 60 minutes later. For example, if your ticket is for 11 a.m., you may enter the exhibition any time between 11:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. Members : Free General Admission: $18 Seniors 65+, Military/Veterans, Adults w/ Disabilities, Teachers: $16 Students w/ ID, Youth 17 & under: $10 Museums for All (EBT): $1 Guided tours are available for groups of 8-20 people. To schedule, please email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org . Guided group tours are scheduled based on availability at a cost of $20 per person. Get Tickets Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Share this event series: Gallery Browse through a few of the pieces on display in The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore . (Header) Hilding Werner, Swedish, 1880–1944. Glafsfjörd. Evening , 1920. Oil on canvas, 27 7/8 x 62 in. (63 x 157.5 cm). Werner Collection. Otto Hesselbom, Swedish, 1848-1913. Sunset in Värmland, c. 1900. Oil on canvas, 27 5/8 x 20 in. (70 x 51 cm). Werner Collection. Lars Kinsarvik, Norwegian, 1846-1925. Armchair, 1900. Painted pine, 51 x 25 x 22 1/2 in. (129.5 x 63.5 x 57.2 cm). Werner Collection. Thorolf Holmboe, Norwegian, 1866-1935. Three Princesses, 1910. Wool tapestry, 43 x 52 3/4 in. (109 x 134 cm). Werner Collection. Ola HÅgeseth, Norwegian, dates unknown. Scoop, late 19th century. Painted wood, 12 1/4 in. (31 cm). Werner Collection. Laurits Andersen Ring, Danish, 1854-1928. Summer Landscape at Karrebaeksminde, c. 1910. Oil on canvas, 16 1/8 x 25 1/4 in. (41 x 64 cm). Werner Collection. Hilma Persson-Hjelm, Swedish, 1877-1953. Vase, 1914. Earthenware, 6 1/4 x 5 in. (16 x 12.7 cm). Werner Collection. Gerhard Munthe, Norwegian, 1849-1929. Cabinet depicting warriors and the Bridge to Valhalla, 1910. Pine with gouache on glass, 89 7/8 x 33 x 24 in. (228.3 x 83.8 x 61 cm). Werner Collection. Gerhard Munthe, Norwegian, 1849-1929. The Wise Bird, 1898-99. Tapestry, 94 1/2 x 67 in. (240 x 63.5 x 170 cm). Werner Collection. Gustaf Fjaestad, Swedish, 1868-1948. Birch Trees and Anemones at a Sunlit Lake, 1910. Oil on panel, 46 7/8 x 37 3/4 in. (119 x 96 cm). Werner Collection. C.G. Hallberg, Sweden (Stockholm), 1860â€“1961. Bowl, 1903. Silver with malachite cabochons, 7 1/2 x 10 1/4 in. (19 x 26 cm). Werner Collection. Related Events Browse the full event schedule The Frick Pittsburgh 10/09/2025 10:00 AM Gnome Scavenger Hunt Gnomes are taking over the Frick! Explore the Frick's grounds on a free scavenger hunt in honor of t... Learn More The Frick Art Museum 10/10/2025 1:00 PM Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Join a guided tour of Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Tou... Learn More The Frick Art Museum Auditorium 10/12/2025 2:00 PM From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen On October 12, join The Frick Pittsburgh for a lecture by Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman that celebrates ... Learn More The Frick Art Museum 10/18/2025 10:15 AM Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home Explore the Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore exhibition through play during these bimonthly dro... Learn More The Frick Art Museum Auditorium 10/18/2025 4:00 PM Collectors' Talk with Dr. David and Susan Werner Dr. David and Susan Werner join the Frick's chief curator and director of collections, Dawn Brean, i... Learn More The Frick Art Museum and Education Center 10/19/2025 2:00 PM Vaesen : Roleplaying Game Session Experience the lore of Scandinavia through the tabletop roleplaying game, Vaesen. Learn More The Frick Art Museum 10/29/2025 6:00 PM Guided Evening Tour of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Join a Frick gallery facilitator for an after-hours deeper exploration of The Scandinavian Home: Lan... Learn More Education Center and the Frick Art Museum 11/01/2025 9:30 AM Act 48 Educator Workshop: The Scandinavian Home This Act 48 educator workshop explores the complex history and art of Scandinavian folktales and fol... Learn More The Frick Art Museum 11/05/2025 6:00 PM Tales from the Galleries: Legend and Lore of Scandinavia Immerse yourself in tales of trolls, fairies and Viking gods in this special program exploring Nordi... Learn More The Frick Art Museum and Frick Park 11/08/2025 10:00 AM Forest Bathing: Mindful Nature Experience Visit The Scandinavian Home exhibition and reconnect with nature through a slow, restorative experie... Learn More Education Center 11/09/2025 1:30 PM Air-Dry Clay Workshop: Gnome Homes Join local clay artist Elizabeth Wells to create your own one-of-a-kind gnome home, fairy garden, or... Learn More The Frick Art Museum 11/12/2025 6:00 PM Guided Evening Tour of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Join a Frick gallery facilitator for an after-hours deeper exploration of The Scandinavian Home: Lan... Learn More The Frick Art Museum Auditorium 12/06/2025 2:00 PM Nordic Noel: A Handbell Concert at the Frick On December 6, enjoy a holiday concert featuring the Ring Pittsburgh handbell ensemble, inspired by ... Learn More It's free to visit The Frick Pittsburgh. Plan your visit × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Support |   . Home Support Help preserve our past and shape the future. Support The Frick Pittsburgh When you make a gift to The Frick Pittsburgh, you play an essential role in our mission to continue the legacy of Helen Clay Frick by offering one of the best experiences of art, history and nature in a welcoming environment that inspires and delights. Discover the many ways that your gift to the Frick builds a lasting legacy. Whether you’re interested in supporting a specific exhibition or program, becoming an Individual or Corporate Member, making an Annual Fund gift or including us in your estate plans, know that your gift helps us to inspire and educate audiences of all ages through world-class exhibitions, meaningful educational programming and continued care of our museum and gardens. Membership Enjoy the benefits of membership—free admission, exclusive member events, discounts and more. Members experience more of what makes the Frick a remarkable institution. Learn More Levels & Benefits Experience the Frick the best way possible—as a member! Join or renew your membership online today. Learn More The Frick Societies By joining The Frick Societies, you are making a philanthropic gift that supports our mission and connects you with like-minded art and cultural enthusiasts through exclusive, behind-the-scenes experiences. Learn More Gift of Membership Give the gift of membership and share our exceptional collections with your friends and loved ones. Learn More Reciprocal Museums Like to travel? Members at the Fellow level and above receive free admission to more than 800 museums across North America with reciprocal museum benefits. Learn More The Frick Societies Be part of an exclusive group that influences the future of the Frick and helps maintain it as a cultural institution of the highest caliber for future generations. Membership in The Frick Societies is available with a combined annual gift of $1,000 or more. Learn More Levels & Benefits The Frick Societies were created to recognize your exceptional support of our mission with access to behind-the-scenes experiences, social events, and much more! Learn More Donate With your fully tax-deductible donation to the Frick, your gift ensures that we can showcase world-class exhibitions, engage and educate audiences of all ages, and preserve and expand our permanent collection. Learn More Donate Your Annual Fund gift, in any amount, makes a measurable difference. Donate online today. Learn More Matching Gifts You may be able to double or even triple your support by having your employer match your gift. Learn More Gifts of Stock Using appreciated stock is an excellent way to give to the Frick. Donating stock offers tax benefits without affecting your cash flow. Learn More Legacy Planning Learn how you can create an enduring legacy that will help the Frick remain a vibrant cultural institution and receive personal tax and income benefits at the same time. Learn More Beneficiary Designations Name the Frick as a beneficiary of your retirement plan, life insurance policy, or commercial annuity in just three simple steps. Learn More A Gift in Your Will Perhaps the simplest and most direct way of providing for the Frick is in your estate plans and by remembering the Frick in your will. Learn More Corporate Giving Receive public recognition and build community goodwill by partnering with the Frick. Opportunities to get involved include a variety of Sponsorships, Corporate Membership, and the Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program (EITC). Learn More Sponsorship Achieve your marketing, promotional, and client engagement objectives through sponsorship of our exhibitions, education programs and events. Learn More EITC Through Pennsylvania’s Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program, your contribution supports access to educational programs at the Frick. Learn More Our Supporters We gratefully acknowledge our corporate supporters for investing so generously in the Frick. Learn More Support the Frick with a Gift to our Annual Fund Today! Donate Now Donate × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

The Frick Societies |   . Home Support Membership The Frick Societies Join & Support The Frick Societies Be a part of a special group that plays an incomparable role in sustaining the Frick and shaping an inspiring future fueled by curiosity, equity, and inclusion! Combined annual giving of $1,000 or more will enable you to become a member of this leadership group as well as provide vital ongoing philanthropic support for exhibitions, programming, and the care and growth of the Frick’s diverse collections for all to enjoy. There are many simple and creative ways to support the Frick at this level. You can make a gift online today or mail a check to: The Frick Pittsburgh Advancement & Engagement Department 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Other methods of giving include gifts of appreciated stock or mutual funds , which offer significant tax benefits without affecting your cash flow. Additionally, qualified charitable distributions from your Individual Retirement Account (IRA) are current gifts with an immediate impact. See below for a full list of the benefits associated with supporting the museum as a member of The Frick Societies. For more information, contact Advancement & Engagement staff at 412-342-4086 or Membership@TheFrickPittsburgh.org . Benefits Frick Societies members enjoy all the benefits of membership , plus much more! Complimentary admission to all paid programs, events, and workshops Unlimited complimentary admission and docent-led tours of Clayton, The Frick Art Museum and all touring exhibitions, and the Car and Carriage Museum Complimentary admission for four guests every time you visit Clayton and touring exhibitions Four complimentary guest passes to share with friends and family Complimentary admission to more than 1,400 museums in North America including The Frick Collection, New York Exclusive opportunity to make reservations in advance for special events 15% discount in the Frick Museum Store 10% discount at The Café Recognition on signage in The Frick Art Museum The Frick Societies 1882 Society - $1,000 1882 is the year that Henry Clay Frick purchased the Italianate-style home we know today as Clayton, the cornerstone of the Frick’s collections. Members of the 1882 Society are, likewise, cornerstones of the vital philanthropic support necessary to advance the museum’s mission. Join Renew Gift Rubens Society - $2,500 The Rubens Society is named after the renowned seventeenth-century Flemish Baroque painter Peter Paul Rubens, whose Portrait of Charlotte-Marguerite de Montmorency, Princess of Condé (ca. 1610) is one of the most admired works in the Frick’s collection. Join Renew Gift Clayton Society - $5,000 Named for the enduring history of the Frick family’s Gilded Age home, the Clayton Society is composed of individuals committed to the sustainability and future of The Frick Pittsburgh. Recognized by Architectural Digest as "a triumph of restoration," Clayton is a stunning late-nineteenth-century mansion, and the only surviving example of a home on Pittsburgh’s lost "Millionaire’s Row." Join Renew Gift Helen Clay Frick Society - $10,000 The Helen Clay Frick Society honors the legacy of the Frick’s founder and benefactress. Members enjoy the distinction of being part of a vital group to support the Frick’s mission to provide memorable experiences with art, history, and nature that inspire and delight. Join Renew Gift × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Reciprocal Museums |   . Home Support Membership Reciprocal Museums Join & Support Reciprocal Museums Frick Pittsburgh members at the Family ($100) level and above can experience more than 1,400 museums across North America with reciprocal museum benefits. Members will enjoy free general admission, discounts at museum shops and restaurants as well as on concert tickets and lecture registrations* through the North American Reciprocal Museum (NARM) Association and the Reciprocal Organization of Associated Museums (ROAM) reciprocal programs, in addition to the Art Museum Reciprocal Network museums listed below. *Reciprocal benefits vary by organization. Please contact the organization(s) you plan to visit to verify the benefits offered to reciprocal members. Art Museum Reciprocal Network Academy Art Museum – Easton, MD Albright-Knox Art Gallery – Buffalo, NY American Folk Art Museum – Long Island City, NY Art Gallery of Ontario – Toronto, Ontario (Canada) The Barnes Foundation – Philadelphia, PA Blanton Museum of Art – Austin, TX Chrysler Museum of Art – Norfolk, VA The Cleveland Museum of Art – Cleveland, OH Columbus Museum of Art – Columbus, OH Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum – New York, NY Crocker Art Museum – Sacramento, CA Delaware Art Museum – Wilmington, DE Denver Art Museum – Denver, CO Des Moines Art Center – Des Moines, IA Everhart Museum of Natural History, Science, and Art – Scranton, Pennsylvania Farnsworth Art Museum – Rockland, ME The Frick Collection – New York, NY Frist Center for the Visual Arts – Nashville, TN The George Washington University Museum and The Textile Museum – Washington, District of Columbia Georgia O’Keeffe Museum – Santa Fe, NM Hill-Stead Museum – Farmington, CT Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum – Boston, MA Milwaukee Art Museum – Milwaukee, WI Montclair Art Museum – Montclair, New Jersey National Portrait Gallery – Washington, District of Columbia The Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art – Kansas City, MO New Jersey State Museum Foundation – Trenton, NJ New Orleans Museum of Art – New Orleans, LA Newark Museum – Newark, NJ North Carolina Museum of Art – Raleigh, NC Norton Museum of Art – West Palm Beach, FL Peabody Essex Museum – Salem, MA Philadelphia Museum of Art – Philadelphia, PA The Phillips Collection – Washington, DC Portland Museum of Art – Portland, ME Poster House – New York, NY Princeton University Art Museum – Princeton, NJ Rhode Island School of Design Museum of Art – Providence, RI Smith College Museum of Art – Northampton, MA Smithsonian American Art Museum and its Renwick Gallery – Washington, DC Swope Art Museum – Terre Haute, IN Taft Museum of Art – Cincinnati, OH Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art – Hartford, CT Walker Art Center – Minneapolis, Minnesota The Walters Art Museum – Baltimore, MD Join or Renew & Reap the Benefits Join or Renew Today at the Fellow ($125) level or above and receive free admission to The Frick Collection in New York, NY! Join Now × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Donate |   . Home Support Donate Donate Make A Donation When you support the Frick, you enable us to continue to steward and interpret our extraordinary collections, share special works with our community, and preserve an indelible part of Pittsburgh’s heritage. Your contribution today allows us to continue to serve, educate, and inspire—now, and for generations to come. Thank you for supporting The Frick Pittsburgh! The Frick Art & Historical Center is a non-profit 501(c)3 charitable organization. Contributions are tax-deductible as allowed by law. (Tax exempt number 25-1596285.) Support the Campaign for Clayton Clayton is the only remaining intact Gilded Age mansion from Pittsburgh’s Millionaire's Row. Built in 1870 and recognized on the National Register of Historic Places, this 154-year-old treasure is showing its age. From crumbling bricks and deteriorating mortar to warped wood and 20 layers of old paint — Clayton is in desperate need of some tender loving care. Please join us and help preserve this vital part of Pittsburgh’s history by contributing to the Campaign for Clayton today! Donate to the Campaign Options for Giving Membership Join, renew, or gift a membership today. Learn More The Frick Societies Members of The Frick Societies serve as incomparable champions of arts and culture with philanthropic support for exhibitions, programming, and the care and growth of the Frick’s diverse collections for all to enjoy. Learn More Gifts of Stock Using appreciated stock is an excellent way to make a gift to the Frick because it offers significant tax benefits without affecting your cash flow. Learn More Matching Gifts Many companies will match charitable contributions made by employees and retirees, doubling or tripling the impact of your gift. Contact your employer’s Human Resources department to find out if it has a matching gift program. Complete and mail the matching gift form along with your contribution, or email Members@TheFrickPittsburgh.org . Qualified Charitable Distributions Qualified charitable distributions from your Individual Retirement Account (IRA) are current gifts with an immediate impact on all that we do here at the Frick. Learn More Legacy Planning The most common form of charitable giving is an outright gift of cash. By exploring a wide range of gift planning opportunities, you can learn how to achieve your personal financial planning goals while making a significant contribution to the Frick. Learn More Support The Frick Pittsburgh with a gift to our annual fund. Donate online or call 412-371-0600 . Donate × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Legacy Planning |   . Home Support Legacy Planning Donate to the Frick Legacy Planning The Frick Pittsburgh is an exceptional example of a planned gift at its most generous—Helen Clay Frick left provisions in her will for Clayton, her childhood family home, to be restored and opened to the public along with The Frick Art Museum and the family’s car and carriage collection. That foresight has enabled The Frick Pittsburgh to evolve into the unique museum we have today. You, too, can create a legacy that will help ensure that the Frick continues to serve students and families well into the future. In addition to making a difference in the lives of others, a planned gift can provide tax savings or income benefits for you and your family. There are many ways to make such a gift—simple methods include gifts in your will or living trust, gifts of life insurance, gifts of retirement assets, and more. To make the process of legacy giving easy, The Frick has partnered with FreeWill for our community to create an estate plan for free. FreeWill’s secure online tool empowers you to write a legally valid will or trust in about 20 minutes. As you write your will, FreeWill presents you with the opportunity to make a planned gift to The Frick on your terms. If you have ‘non-probate’ assets like a life insurance policy that you’d like to donate, you can use this FreeWill tool to log all of these assets and name The Frick as a beneficiary. If you have already created a legacy by including a gift in your estate plan, will you please complete this form to let us know? This helps us update our records and thank you for building a legacy to support The Frick’s authentic experiences with art, history, and nature. Dr. Soumyo Moitra's Story Dr. Moitra understands the impact that art, history, and nature can have on someone. As a graduate student, Moitra appreciated the ability to come and visit the The Frick Art Museum for free when he didn’t have many resources. “I think it’s so important to have this opportunity, especially if you’re interested in art but can’t afford to pay the price of admission,” Moitra says. As an adult, Moitra retained his love of art and was compelled to join the Frick as a member, remembering the effect the museums had on him in his younger years. Thinking about his own legacy, he also decided to make a planned gift to the Frick, knowing that his gift would make it possible for future generations of students to visit, as he had. The Frick has been a key part of Dr. Moitra’s life for many years, and he feels it is important to give back, support the future of the institution, and ensure that anyone can find sanctuary on our campus. We are so thankful for members like Dr. Moitra, who have a positive impact on everything we do here. Legacy Planning Gifts in Your Will Many supporters of The Frick Pittsburgh choose to leave a donation in their wills and trusts. Many supporters of The Frick Pittsburgh choose to leave a donation in their wills and trusts to increase their long-term impact, without any upfront cost during their lifetimes A gift in your will is often the simplest route to your legacy, and to make it as easy as possible, we're giving you a completely free way to write or start your will. Click here to start the completely free process of writing your legal will. Including a gift to The Frick Pittsburgh helps to cultivate a community where we share authentic connections with art, history, nature—and with one another. This tool is free to you whether you choose to include a gift to The Frick Pittsburgh or not. It can be used to create a fully valid legal will or guide you through planning your will before finding an estate planning attorney near you. FreeWill helps our supporters create plans that enable us to preserve and interpret an indelible part of Pittsburgh's heritage, share renowned works of art with our community, and continue to serve, educate, and inspire—now, and for generations to come. Are you already working with an attorney on your will or living trust? You can complete your gift in as little as one sentence. “I hereby give to the Frick Art & Historical Center, a nonprofit located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, with a business address of 7227 Reynolds Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15208, and with a tax identification number of 25-1596285, the sum of __________ dollars (all or ______ percent of my estate) for its general purposes." By including the Frick in your will or living trust, you play an important part in ensuring the continuation of the museum’s mission long into the future. Beneficiary Designations Name the Frick as a beneficiary of your retirement plan, life insurance policy, or commercial annuity While some prefer to leave a gift in their wills or estates, others appreciate the increased flexibility of a beneficiary designation. You might consider using: IRAs and retirement plans Life insurance policies Commercial annuities It only takes three simple steps to name The Frick Pittsburgh as a beneficiary: Contact your retirement plan administrator, insurance company, bank, or financial institution for a change-of-beneficiary form. Decide what percentage (1 to 100) you would like The Frick Pittsburgh to receive and name us, along with the percentage you choose. Return the completed form to your plan administrator, insurance company, bank, or financial institution. Thank you for considering The Frick Pittsburgh to be the recipient of these gifts from the heart. It’s truly an honor to be included in the legacy of someone who cares so deeply about providing accessible cultural assets in the Pittsburgh region. Information for Professional Advisors Help us fulfill your client's wishes To direct a gift to the Frick or for help in making one: Legal Name: Frick Art & Historical Center, Inc. Address: 7227 Reynolds Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Federal Tax ID Number: 25-1596285 Contact: Pat Winter, Interim Director of Advancement & Engagement, at 412-342-4079 or winterp@thefrickpittsburgh.org Support us through Membership! Join or Renew × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Gifts of Stock |   . Home Gifts of Stock Gifts of Stock Using appreciated stock is an excellent way to make a gift to the Frick because it offers significant tax benefits without affecting your cash flow. Gifts of stock or appreciated assets Many donors choose to make gifts of appreciated stocks or mutual funds to offset an anticipated capital gains tax. Even better, you can take a sizeable charitable deduction on your taxes—a deduction that can be used to offset other taxes. Stock or other appreciated assets can also be used to fund a charitable trust or life income agreement. Transfer of Stock Before transferring stock to the Frick, please notify us of your intentions and the details of your gift, including stock type and number of shares to be transferred. We will need this information to properly credit you and issue a receipt for tax purposes. Below is the information to provide to your broker for an electronic transfer of your gift: PNC Bank DTC # 2616 Account Name: FAHC STOCK GIFTS Account Number: 21-10-001-3738193 Attention: Christina Hritz, 412-768-6324 For more information on making a gift of stock, contact: Advancement & Engagement staff at 412-342-4086 or membership@TheFrickPittsburgh.org . × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Qualified Charitable Distributions |   . Home Qualified Charitable Distributions Qualified Charitable Distributions Qualified charitable distributions from your Individual Retirement Account (IRA) are current gifts with an immediate impact. Often referred to as "IRA Charitable Rollover Gifts," these gifts are distributions paid directly from an IRA to a nonprofit. If you are 70½ or older, you can transfer as much as $100,000 per year from an IRA directly to the Frick—without counting this transfer as taxable income. If you were 70½ before January 1, 2020, the qualified charitable distribution counts toward your required minimum distribution (RMD). If you are 70½ after January 1, 2020, you do not have required minimum distribution until age 72. If you do not meet your RMDs, IRA owners face a large tax penalty. This means you would either withdraw those amounts (increasing your taxable income) or donate them as a qualified charitable distribution. The most common way to make this gift is to submit a request to your IRA custodian. For more information on Qualified Charitable Distributions to the Frick, contact: Advancement & Engagement staff at 412-342-4086 or Membership@TheFrickPittsburgh.org . × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Corporate Giving |   . Home Support Corporate Giving Donate to the Frick Corporate Giving Extend your reach to new customers, receive public recognition, and build community goodwill through sponsorship at the Frick. The options listed below provide promotional opportunities for your company to benefit from name placement in front of a premium audience. Build your brand, receive valuable recognition, and support great events and educational programming for our community. Contact Manager of Institutional Support Jodi Golomb for details at 412-342-4089 or JGolomb@TheFrickPittsburgh.org . Be a Corporate Sponsor Exhibition Sponsorship Sponsors play an important role in supporting the Frick’s exhibitions and bringing important artwork to Pittsburgh. Exhibition Sponsors are recognized in many highly visible ways, enhancing their profile and demonstrating their commitment to the arts. Exhibition Sponsors receive benefits such as the following: Name and Logo Recognition on select signage and advertising Name and Logo Recognition at the event and on website, social media, and event listings Complimentary Invitations to the Exhibition Opening Opportunity to host a private event – perfect for client entertaining or your next employee event ( note: catering and all other rentals are the responsibility of the sponsor ) UPCOMING EXHIBITIONS View Exhibitions View Exhibition Events Event Sponsorship Throughout the year, the Frick hosts a variety of exciting events. Event sponsors support popular programming and receive valuable recognition from key audiences. Event Sponsors receive benefits such as the following: Name and Logo Recognition at the event and on website, social media, and event listings Social Media Co-Host Privileges Complimentary Tickets to the event Opportunity to set up a table at the event to distribute information about your company, promote your business, and give away branded materials See upcoming events available for sponsorship. View Events Education Sponsorship The Frick offers a variety of opportunities to support education programs for all ages. Supporting programs at the Frick is a great way to demonstrate your company’s commitment to education. Sponsorships are available ranging from a single program, to a package of 6 or 12 programs. Program Sponsors receive benefits such as the following: Name and Logo Recognition at the event and on website, social media, and event listings Name Recognition on all printed material for the program Examples of programming available for sponsorship include both adult programming and families and children's programming. Adult programming includes exhibition tour, gallery talks, lectures, Frick Exhibition Readers' Series, Coffe & Culture programs, films, workshops, and more! Programs for families and children include such favorites as the following: Family Fun Days -- This series offers a variety of activities for families to enjoy, such as lawn games, collaborative projects and take-home artwork. Previous programs have included the following themes: Time Travel, during which kids add to a giant walk-through time machine and make their own prehistoric paint Circus, with three rings of role play and the creation of costumes and critters; Second Saturday Studios -- This family-friendly arts programming encourages children and their families to make art together. Families with children of all ages are invited to explore different and unusual materials or find fresh new ways to use familiar paper, paint and pencils. This free, drop-in program is held in the new Education Center. Examples of typical programming: Create, collect and exchange one-of-a-kind artist trading cards. Emboss, color and shape our fancy foils. Use a plethora of paper on a paper exploration. Go natural using trees, leaves, and rocks for special outdoor art. EITC is another great way to support Education at the Frick. Learn more about EITC × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

EITC |   . Home Support Corporate Giving EITC Corporate Sponsorship Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program (EITC) The Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program is a Pennsylvania tax credit for businesses who make a donation to an approved nonprofit organization. The Frick Art Pittsburgh, a valuable source of innovative learning and inspiration, is an approved Educational Improvement Organization. Companies making a contribution to the Frick through EITC can receive significant tax benefits. Approved corporations can receive tax credits equal to 75 percent of its contribution up to a maximum of $750,000 per taxable year. Businesses who agree to provide the same amount for two consecutive tax years can receive 90% of the contribution as a tax credit. This can mean you receive up to 90% of your gift total as a tax credit: your $10,000 gift could result in a credit as high as $9,000. Contact Manager of Insitutional Support Jodi Golomb for details at 412-342-4089 or JGolomb@TheFrickPittsburgh.org . EITC in 3 Easy Steps Step 1 Determine if you qualify. Businesses or corporations can qualify if they pay any of the following taxes: Bank and Trust Company Shares Tax Corporate Net Income Tax Capital Stock and Franchise Tax Mutual Thrift Institutions Tax Shareholder and Partner personal income tax (S Corps and Partnerships with pass-through tax liability) Step 2 Apply. Eligible businesses can apply to participate in the EITC program here. Step 3 Make the Frick the recipient of your EITC-eligible contribution Once your application has been approved by the Department of Community and Economic Development (DCED), your business must contribute to a qualified organization, such as the Frick, within 60 days. You need to send proof of the contribution to DCED within 90 days of the approval. The Frick will send you an acknowledgement letter as proof of your contribution, and you are required to send a copy of this letter to DCED. Your support impacts thousands of students In addition to receiving tax benefits, your EITC gift supports impacts thousands of students by helping to underwrite various types of programs and visits by school groups throughout the region. The Frick’s meaningful and standards-based education programs enhance the experiences of children and underserved students. Using interactive activities and adaptive lessons, we engaged students in a meaningful way with our interdisciplinary collections. Learn more about education at the Frick >> In recognition of your support, the Frick will list your organization name among Our Supporters . × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Our Supporters |   . Home Our Supporters Our Supporters 84 Lumber Company Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Babst Calland Bank of America Bennett Supply Company Big Burrito Restaurant Group BilkeyKatz Investment Consultants, Inc. C.S. McKee, LP Centimark Corporation Chubb The Davey Tree Expert Company Dollar Bank The Dollar Bank Foundation Donnelly-Boland and Associates Eat'n Park Hospitality Group, Inc. Eckert Seamans Cherin & Mellot LLC Education Management Corporation First National Bank of Pennsylvania Greco Gas, Inc. Hefren-Tillotson, Inc. Henderson Brothers, Inc. Howard Hanna Real Estate Services Huntington National Bank KeyBank Koppers Inc. Levin Furniture The Lockhart Company MacLachlan Cornelius & Filoni McCutcheon Enterprises, Inc. Meyer, Unkovic & Scott LLP Modany & Falcone MSA Safety Inc. Near Earth Autonomy NexTier Bank Orbital Engineering Inc. OsteoStrong Pittsburgh East PartySavvy Peoples Natural Gas PJ Dick & Trumbull PNC Porter Wright Morris & Arthur LLP Rania's Catering RR Donnelley Pittsburgh Schneider Downs Shiloh Services, Inc. Smithfield Trust Company Supercuts UPMC Health Plan Worgul, Sarna & Ness, Criminal Defense Attorneys, LLC × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Tickets |   . Home Tickets Tickets From historic home tours and stunning art exhibitions to educational opportunities and community events, there's something for everyone at The Frick Pittsburgh. Special Exhibitions The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore This season, book a trip to Scandinavia but leave your passport behind. From landscapes to lore, hand-carved heirlooms to resplendent tapestries, The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore invites you into a world where domestic and mythic intertwine. This never-before-seen private collection is one of the finest in North America — and its premiere showing is at The Frick Pittsburgh. BUY TICKETS Clayton Tours of Clayton are currently offered Tuesdays through Sundays. Advance reservations are strongly recommended. Gilded, Not Golden 2025 Gilded, Not Golden tours run through Sunday, November 9 Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. Learn more about the Gilded, Not Golden tour . SCHEDULE A TOUR Preservation Tour 2025 Preservation Tours Run through Saturday, November 1 Explore Clayton's evolution from a family home to a public museum on this specialty preservation tour. Learn about Clayton's extensive restoration in the late 1980's and ongoing efforts to preserve the home for the future. SCHEDULE A TOUR Home for the Holidays at Clayton Home For The Holidays tours run from Saturday, November 22 through Sunday, January 4 Celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of Clayton! SCHEDULE A TOUR Other Events In addition to long-term exhibitions and signature tour experiences, the Frick also offers numerous other ticketed events, workshops, activities, and more. Browse the full calendar below. UPCOMING EVENTS Free Admission Tickets are not required to visit the Car and Carriage Museum or the Frick Art Museum's permanent collection . × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Clayton Guided Tours |   . Home Calendar Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden Event information October 9, 2025 10:15 AM - 3:00 PM Location Check in at the Grable Visitor Center Description: Tours run Tuesdays through Sundays Times: 10:15 a.m. through 3:00* p.m. Duration: 75 minutes Suggested Ages: Most appropriate for ages 9 and up Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. * Times may vary, please click here to check tour time availability Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Schedule a Tour Tours run Tuesdays through Sundays About the Tour Just announced! Gilded, Not Golden , the newly reinterpreted tour of Clayton, won a 2024 Leadership in History Award from the American Association for State and Local History . Look beneath the “gilded” surface of the late 19th century to reveal the era's more complicated truths. Discover Pittsburgh’s influence as an industrial powerhouse through a shared dialogue about the ongoing legacies of the Gilded Age. "The tour guide did an excellent job of explaining the house details, decorative arts, family history & Gilded Age, in general. I particularly liked how history of the working class was woven in as a counterpoint to the lavish lifestyle of the wealthy." - Claire L. The Gilded Age was an era not only of immense wealth and progress, but also rapid industrialization, unprecedented immigration, and labor strife. Explore this pivotal time in our nation’s history at Clayton, the only remaining fully preserved Gilded Age mansion in Pittsburgh. Join your guide and other visitors for a conversational experience that shares the stories of the Frick family and other Pittsburghers, and considers how the legacy of the Gilded Age continues to affect us today. MORE ABOUT THE TOUR Content advisory: 1892 was a tumultuous year for the Frick family and the Pittsburgh steel industry. For this reason, tours of Clayton deal with potentially challenging subject matter, including discussions of violence, grief, and child loss. SCHEDULE A TOUR Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Cost: Free for members $22 for non-members $20 for Seniors aged 65+, post-secondary Students, Veteran/Active Military/National Guard/Reserves, people with disabilities (ADA), pre-K-12 Teachers, First Responders $15 for youth 17 and under $2 for Museums for All (SNAP benefits recipients) with Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) card Free for babies held in arms Free for Corporate Partners, Reciprocal Museum Members (NARM/ROAM) Plan Your Visit: Clayton tours include the first and second floors. The first floor of the house is wheelchair accessible. Click for more information about accessibility . All Clayton tours begin at the Grable Visitor Center. Advance reservations are highly recommended. Group tours are available for groups of 11 or more. Learn more about reserving group tours. See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Oct 9 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: The Frick Art Museum Next Event: Clayton Preservation Tour × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Clayton Preservation Tour |   . Home Calendar Clayton Preservation Tour Clayton Preservation Tour Event information October 10, 2025 10:45 AM - 1:45 PM Location Check in at the Grable Visitor Center Description: Tours run Fridays and Saturdays Times: 10:45 am and 12:45 pm Duration: 60 minutes Explore Clayton's evolution from a family home to a public museum. Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Schedule a Tour Tours run Fridays and Saturdays Clayton, the historic home of Henry Clay Frick, is the only remaining fully preserved Gilded Age mansion in Pittsburgh. The home underwent an extensive restoration in the late 1980s, aided in large part by the Frick family's comprehensive collection of documents and records. But why doesn't the kitchen have its original stove? How did painted exterior brick lead to interior water damage? And since houses change over time, who decides what version to restore? Explore those questions, and many others, on the Preservation Tour, as you trace the house's evolution from a family home to a public museum. Examine previous restoration projects and ongoing efforts to preserve Clayton for the future — including before and after views of the home's current exterior preservation work. These special tours are part of a specific fundraising campaign focused on raising funds for the care and conservation of Clayton for future generations. Because of that, the ticket price is considered a donation and is fully tax deductible. All ticket buyers will receive a letter confirming that the cost of their tickets can be used as part of their itemized deductions. Learn More About The Clayton Preservation Project Thank you for helping us to preserve this important historic landmark! SCHEDULE A TOUR Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Cost: Free for members of The Frick Societies $15 for members $20 for non-members $18 for Seniors aged 65+, post-secondary Students, Veteran/Active Military/National Guard/Reserves, people with disabilities (ADA), pre-K-12 Teachers, First Responders $12 for youth 17 and under $2 for Museums for All (SNAP benefits recipients) with Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) card Free for babies held in arms Free for Corporate Partners Plan Your Visit: Clayton tours include the first and second floors. The first floor of the house is wheelchair accessible. Click for more information about accessibility . All Clayton tours begin at the Grable Visitor Center. Advance reservations are highly recommended. Group tours are available for groups of 11 or more. Learn more about reserving group tours. See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Oct 9 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden Next Event: Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Home for the Holidays at Clayton |   . Home Calendar Home for the Holidays at Clayton Home for the Holidays at Clayton Event information November 22, 2025 10:15 AM - 3:30 PM Location Check in at the Grable Visitor Center Description: Celebrate the season at Clayton with limited-time specialty tours! Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Buy Tickets November 22 - January 4 Tours run Tuesdays through Sundays* About The Tour Celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of Clayton! Learn how the holidays were celebrated by different groups in Pittsburgh during the Gilded Age, including the Frick family and their staff, and enjoy festive conversations about the origins of some of our favorite seasonal traditions. Cost: Free for members $25 for non-members $22 for Seniors aged 65+, post-secondary Students, Veteran/Active Military/National Guard/Reserves, people with disabilities (ADA), pre-K-12 Teachers, First Responders $15 for youth 17 and under $1 for Museums for All (SNAP benefits recipients) with Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) card Free for babies held in arms Plan Your Visit: Clayton tours include the first and second floors. The first floor of the house is wheelchair accessible. Click for more information about accessibility . All Clayton tours begin at the Grable Visitor Center. Advance reservations are highly recommended. *The Frick Pittsburgh is closed on Thursday, Novemeber 27; Wednesday, December 24; Thursday, December 25; and Thursday, January 1. See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Oct 9 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: An Evening in Clayton: Behind-the-Scenes at the Holidays Next Event: Holiday High Tea × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle |   . Home Exhibitions Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Explore abstract sculptures by Pittsburgh-based artist Atticus Adams in "Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle." Adams’ artworks — most made from metal mesh and wire — hang from the windows and ceilings of The Frick Pittsburgh's historic greenhouse, adding a whimsical touch to the vibrant, flora-filled oasis. The exhibition includes never before seen works as well as a site-specific sculpture inspired by the Frick’s history, collections, and founder, Helen Clay Frick. About the Artist Raised in West Virginia and currently residing in Pittsburgh, Atticus Adams considers his work Neo-Appalachian folk art, and much of it is inspired by his youth. His work has been displayed at the Carnegie Museum of Art, the Mattress Factory and The Westmoreland Museum of American Art. In 2018, he was named Artist of the Year by the Pittsburgh Center for the Arts. Learn more at atticusadams.com Program Information Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Dates: May 23, 2025 - June 7, 2026 Location: The Frick Pittsburgh Greenhouse Admission: Free and open to all 9 AM-5 PM, Tuesday through Sunday. Share this event series: Gallery Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View Installation View It's free to visit The Frick Pittsburgh. Plan your visit × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Car and Carriage Museum |   . Home Car and Carriage Museum The Car and Carriage Museum At the turn of the 20th century, the development of the automobile profoundly changed American life. In the Car and Carriage Museum, visitors can travel back to the time of horse-drawn carriages, see some of the first horseless carriages to have an impact on Pittsburgh, and learn about Pittsburgh’s role in the developing automobile industry. The Car and Carriage Museum houses the Frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles dating back to the turn of the 20th century. The museum also hosts temporary exhibitions. Enhance your visit with a free guided tour of the Car and Carriage Museum. Tours are held at 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. on Saturdays. × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick |   . Home Calendar Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Event information October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Location The Frick Pittsburgh Cost: Free and Open to All Description: Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick is a new collaboration with students of Duquesne University’s Mary Pappert School of Music. The sounds of Frick past come to life through soundscapes, adding a new layer of dimensionality to the museum-going experience! QR code exhibits, or SoundSites, are stationed throughout the Frick campus and allow visitors to interpret environment, culture, and history through sound. Recreations of the soundscapes surrounding Clayton in the 1890s, the home of a turn-of-the-century steelworker, the evolution of automobile horns, and the music enjoyed by the Frick family are just some of the sounds visitors can immerse themselves in throughout the site. Pick up a map in the Grable Visitor Center, or discover the stops as you wander the grounds. Use the camera on your smartphone to scan the codes and enjoy! If you don’t have a smart phone, stop by the Visitor Center to borrow one. The SoundWalk project was recently awarded the 2023-24 John G. Rangos Sr. Prize, a university-wide prize given to innovative academic initiatives imagined by Duquesne University students and faculty members. SoundWalk led Dr. Nicole Vilkner, assistant professor of musicianship, and her students will continue to develop new SoundWalk projects in the future in new locations. Our gardens and grounds, including the SoundWalk, are open 8 AM-Dusk, Tuesday through Sunday. Explore and Listen Explore and Listen See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Oct 9 Car and Carriage Museum Car and Carriage Museum October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore the Frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles. Previous Event: Saint Nicholas to Father Christmas to Santa Claus: The Artistic Evolution of a Christmas Icon Next Event: Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle |   . Home Calendar Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Event information October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Location The Frick Pittsburgh Greenhouse Cost: Free and open to all Description: Explore abstract sculptures by Pittsburgh-based artist Atticus Adams in "Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle." Adams’ artworks — most made from metal mesh and wire — hang from the windows and ceilings of The Frick Pittsburgh's historic greenhouse, adding a whimsical touch to the vibrant, flora-filled oasis. The exhibition includes never before seen works as well as a site-specific sculpture inspired by the Frick’s history, collections, and founder, Helen Clay Frick. See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Oct 9 Car and Carriage Museum Car and Carriage Museum October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore the Frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles. Previous Event: Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Next Event: The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore |   . Home Calendar The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Event information October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Location The Frick Art Museum Description: This season, book a trip to Scandinavia but leave your passport behind. From landscapes to lore, hand-carved heirlooms to whispered myths, The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore invites you into a world where domestic and mythic intertwine. This never-before-seen private collection is one of the finest in North America — and its premiere showing is at The Frick Pittsburgh. Buy Tickets On view Sept. 27, 2025 - Jan. 11, 2026 Featuring stunning landscapes, portraits, furniture, and decorative arts, this exhibition comprises more than 100 works from the private collection of Pennsylvania-based art collectors David and Susan Werner. The Werners’ collection includes furniture, ceramics, glass, painting, textiles, sculpture, graphics, and metalwork from eighteenth through the mid-twentieth century Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and Finland. Exhibitions of Scandinavian art typically focus on either painting — often on the work of a single artist or theme such as landscape — or on artisanal design. The Scandinavian Home integrates folk, decorative, and fine art with “home” as a central metaphor, mirroring the tastes and convictions of the period’s collectors and creators. In doing so, the exhibition examines the entangled notions of home and homeland central to the art and material culture of Nordic countries. The arts played a crucial role in reinforcing a shared sense of belonging as Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden strove to identify and celebrate “authentic” local and national identities. The linkages among land, landscape, handicraft, and domestic dwellings as dimensions of “home” are embedded in the objects on display in the exhibition. The exhibition was created by consulting curators Patricia G. Berman, Ph.D., and Michelle Facos, Ph.D., and organized by Dawn R. Brean, chief curator and director of collections at The Frick Pittsburgh. See & Do Related Events Oct 10 Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 10, 2025 1:00 PM - 3:30 PM Join a guided tour of Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Tou... Oct 12 From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen October 12, 2025 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM On October 12, join The Frick Pittsburgh for a lecture by Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman that celebrates ... Oct 18 Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home October 18, 2025 10:15 AM - 11:30 AM Explore the Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore exhibition through play during these bimonthly dro... Previous Event: Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Next Event: Car and Carriage Museum × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Car and Carriage Museum |   . Home Calendar Car and Carriage Museum Car and Carriage Museum Event information October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Description: Travel back to the time of horse-drawn carriages, see some of the first horseless carriages to have an impact on Pittsburgh, and learn about Pittsburgh’s role in the developing automobile industry at the turn of the 20th century. The Car and Carriage Museum is always free to view. Open Tuesday through Sunday See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Oct 9 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Next Event: Gnome Scavenger Hunt × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore |   . Home Calendar Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Event information October 10, 2025 1:00 PM - 3:30 PM Location The Frick Art Museum Cost: Free with exhibition admission Description: Join a guided tour of The Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Exhibition admission is required. Tour participants can meet their gallery facilitator in the rotunda of the Frick Art Museum. This tour runs at 1 p.m. and 2:30 p.m. every Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, and lasts approximately one hour. For groups of eight to twenty people, please email Education@thefrickpittsburgh.org to reserve a guided tour. Guided group tours of the exhibition are scheduled based on availability at a cost of $20 per person. Buy Exhibition Tickets Tours run Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays at 1:00 p.m. and 2:30 p.m. See & Do Related Events Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Oct 12 From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen October 12, 2025 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM On October 12, join The Frick Pittsburgh for a lecture by Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman that celebrates ... Oct 18 Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home October 18, 2025 10:15 AM - 11:30 AM Explore the Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore exhibition through play during these bimonthly dro... Previous Event: Clayton Preservation Tour Next Event: Spooky Spirits Walk × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Spooky Spirits Walk | October 10 |   . Home Calendar Spooky Spirits Walk Spooky Spirits Walk Event information October 10, 2025 6:30 PM - 8:30 PM Location Begins at The Café at the Frick Cost: $45 members ; $50 non-members; $25 students Members of The Frick Societies receive complimentary admission Description: Get in the spooky spirit with a fall beverage and explore the macabre, haunting history of Pittsburgh’s East End on a guided walk of The Frick Pittsburgh’s grounds. From Pittsburgh’s link to the “crime of the century” to the real life origins of the city’s most enduring urban legends, discover the darker side of the East End. Following the tour, each attendee will receive a sweet treat from Mon Aimee Chocolat to take home. Tickets for this program must be purchased in advance; tickets will not be available at the door. Two drink vouchers are included; must be 21+ for alcoholic beverages, non-alcoholic beverages are also available. Tour participants are welcome (and encouraged) to bring their beverage along on the site walk. The site walk will take approximately 90 minutes. The site walk takes place outdoors, rain or shine and the tour route is wheelchair accessible. This event is also being held on Friday, October 17. Buy Tickets Tours available at 6:30 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. Spooky Spirits Cocktail Menu: Apple Cider (cold or warm, spiked or un-spiked) Rye's Up Whiskey Cocktail Wine available upon request Soda Looking to put your spooky knowledge to good use? Stories from Spooky Spirits will be featured as trivia questions for Trivia Night at the Frick on October 24. Space is limited; advance registration required. See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Oct 9 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Next Event: Car and Carriage Museum Guided Tour | 1 p.m. × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen |   . Home Calendar From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen Event information October 12, 2025 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM Location The Frick Art Museum Auditorium Cost: $15 members ; $20 non-members; $10 students Members of The Frick Societies receive complimentary admission Description: Quite fortuitously, The Golden Age of Book Illustration and The Golden Age of Fairy Tales reached their heights between 1890 and 1920 — the exact timeframe of the Frick’s exhibition, The Scandinavian Home: Landscapes and Lore . To take advantage of this creative overlap, The Frick Pittsburgh presents a lecture that celebrates Denmark’s world-renown master of enchantment, Hans Christian Andersen, alongside the noted artists who transformed his powerful words into equally powerful illustrations. Advance reservations encouraged; walk-up tickets are available for purchase in the Grable Visitor Center while space is available. Buy Tickets Once again, The Frick Pittsburgh welcomes Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman for this special one-hour lecture. Dr. Arbitman received both an MA and Ph.D. in art history from the University of Pittsburgh with a specialization in seventeenth-century Dutch art. After serving as the first curator-in-charge of The Frick Art Museum in 1985, she went on to become the director of the Palmer Museum of Art at Penn State University and the Executive Director of the Cummer Museum of Art & Gardens in Florida. See & Do Related Events Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Oct 10 Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 10, 2025 1:00 PM - 3:30 PM Join a guided tour of Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Tou... Oct 18 Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home October 18, 2025 10:15 AM - 11:30 AM Explore the Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore exhibition through play during these bimonthly dro... Previous Event: Car and Carriage Museum Guided Tour | 3 p.m. Next Event: Spooky Spirits Walk × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Spooky Spirits Walk | October 17 |   . Home Calendar Spooky Spirits Walk Spooky Spirits Walk Event information October 17, 2025 6:30 PM - 8:30 PM Location Begins at The Café at the Frick Cost: $45 members ; $50 non-members; $25 students Members of The Frick Societies receive complimentary admission Description: The October 17 Spooky Spirits Walk is sold out Get in the spooky spirit with a fall beverage and explore the macabre, haunting history of Pittsburgh’s East End on a guided walk of The Frick Pittsburgh’s grounds. From Pittsburgh’s link to the “crime of the century” to the real life origins of the city’s most enduring urban legends, discover the darker side of the East End. Following the tour, each attendee will receive a sweet treat from Mon Aimee Chocolat to take home. Tickets for this program must be purchased in advance; tickets will not be available at the door. Two drink vouchers are included; must be 21+ for alcoholic beverages, non-alcoholic beverages are also available. Tour participants are welcome (and encouraged) to bring their beverage along on the site walk. The site walk will take approximately 90 minutes. The site walk takes place outdoors, rain or shine and the tour route is wheelchair accessible. This event is also being held on Friday, October 10. Tours available at 6:30 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. Spooky Spirits Cocktail Menu: Apple Cider (cold or warm, spiked or un-spiked) Rye's Up Whiskey Cocktail Wine available upon request Soda Looking to put your spooky knowledge to good use? Stories from Spooky Spirits will be featured as trivia questions for Trivia Night at the Frick on October 24. Space is limited; advance registration required. See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Oct 9 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen Next Event: Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home |   . Home Calendar Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home Event information October 18, 2025 10:15 AM - 11:30 AM Location The Frick Art Museum Cost: Free with exhibition admission Description: Explore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore exhibition through play during these bimonthly drop-in gallery experiences! With a focus on depictions of heroic princesses, mythic creatures, vikings, trolls, and evil stepmothers, these 20-30 minute sessions will feature a variety of works from the exhibition. Activities will vary based on the ages and interests of participants and may include close-looking, games, song, and story time. Participants will join a Frick educator in the Frick Art Museum rotunda at the start of the program before moving into the galleries as a group. While visitors of all ages are welcome, this activity is best suited for children ages 2-5. All children must be accompanied by an adult. Free with the cost of exhibition admission . Buy Exhibition Tickets Family Mornings happen one Thursday and Saturday a month at 10:15 a.m. and 11:00 a.m. Family Mornings Schedule All Family Morning dates will feature two activity sessions — one at 10:15 a.m. and one at 11:00 a.m. Each session lasts 20-30 minutes. Thursday, October 2 Saturday, October 18 Thursday, November 6 Saturday, November 22 Thursday, December 4 Saturday, December 20 Thursday, January 8 See & Do Related Events Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Oct 10 Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 10, 2025 1:00 PM - 3:30 PM Join a guided tour of Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Tou... Oct 12 From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen October 12, 2025 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM On October 12, join The Frick Pittsburgh for a lecture by Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman that celebrates ... Previous Event: Spooky Spirits Walk Next Event: Collectors' Talk with Dr. David and Susan Werner × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Collectors' Talk with Dr. David and Susan Werner |   . Home Calendar Collectors' Talk with Dr. David and Susan Werner Collectors' Talk with Dr. David and Susan Werner Event information October 18, 2025 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM Location The Frick Art Museum Auditorium Cost: $15 members ; $20 non-members; $10 students Members of The Frick Societies receive complimentary admission Description: Dr. David and Susan Werner join the Frick’s chief curator and director of collections, Dawn Brean, in a conversation about their passion for collecting Scandinavian and Nordic art and the stories behind the stunning artworks and objects featured in The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore . The Scandinavian art collection of David and Susan Werner, which comprises the majority of the exhibition, is remarkable for both its wide variety of materials and its quality. Encompassing painting, drawing, furniture, textiles, glass, metalwork, ceramics, and works on paper, and with a primary focus on the years 1880-1940, it offers a singular opportunity for a comprehensive and multi-medial exploration of this seminal period in Scandinavian culture. Advance registration encouraged; walk-up tickets can be purchased in the Grable Visitor Center on the day of the program while space is available. Reservation does not include admission to the exhibition. Buy Tickets Photo by Joshua Franzos courtesy of Carnegie Magazine See & Do Related Events Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Oct 10 Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 10, 2025 1:00 PM - 3:30 PM Join a guided tour of Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Tou... Oct 12 From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen October 12, 2025 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM On October 12, join The Frick Pittsburgh for a lecture by Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman that celebrates ... Previous Event: Family Mornings in The Scandinavian Home Next Event: Vaesen : Roleplaying Game Session × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Vaesen: Roleplaying Game Session |   . Home Calendar Vaesen : Roleplaying Game Session Vaesen : Roleplaying Game Session Event information October 19, 2025 2:00 PM - 5:30 PM Location The Frick Art Museum and Education Center Cost: $20 members ; $25 non-members; $15 students Members of The Frick Societies receive complimentary admission Description: Experience the lore of Scandinavia through the tabletop roleplaying game, Vaesen . Based on the artwork of Swedish illustrator and author Johan Egerkrans, Vaesen brings Nordic folklore and myths to life in a fictional Gothic setting through facilitated, role-play-based gaming. Start the afternoon in the galleries of the The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore exhibition, where you’ll be immersed in the culture and lore that inspired the game. Next, return to the Frick’s education center and step into the mythic North where legends are real and creatures lurk in the dark. Players will be divided into groups of 2-6 for game play. No experience required—a game master will teach rules, facilitate the game and guide your journey! Due to the horror content included in the game, this program is 18+; advance registration and pre-payment required. Registration includes admission to the exhibition and refreshments. Buy Tickets See & Do Related Events Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Oct 10 Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore Guided Exhibition Tours of The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 10, 2025 1:00 PM - 3:30 PM Join a guided tour of Scandinavian Home to explore the art, culture and identity of Scandinavia. Tou... Oct 12 From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen From The Little Match Girl to The Little Mermaid: Illustrating Hans Christian Andersen October 12, 2025 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM On October 12, join The Frick Pittsburgh for a lecture by Dr. Kahren Jones Arbitman that celebrates ... Previous Event: Collectors' Talk with Dr. David and Susan Werner Next Event: Member's Salon at the Frick × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Member's Salon at the Frick |   . Home Calendar Member's Salon at the Frick Member's Salon at the Frick Event information October 19, 2025 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM Location The Frick Art Museum Auditorium Cost: Free for Members starting at the Fellow Level. $15 for all other members. Description: This quarterly series offers an exclusive opportunity for Frick members to gather for intimate, thought-provoking evenings centered around art, ideas, and conversation. Open only to members, the salons feature special guests, behind-the-scenes insights, and unique programming designed to deepen engagement with the Frick’s collection and exhibitions. Members at the Fellow level and above receive complimentary admission. All other members are welcome to attend for a special rate of $15. Not a member yet? Click here to learn more ! Register Now Salon Topic Join Executive Director Amanda Gillen for a sneak peek look at our exciting upcoming exhibitions along with some behind-the-scenes insight into how the museum finds and chooses exhibitions for The Frick Art Museum. Amanda will lead an afternoon of thoughtful conversation and connection, offering members a unique opportunity to engage directly with her in an intimate setting. See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Oct 9 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: Vaesen : Roleplaying Game Session Next Event: Trivia Night at the Frick × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Trivia Night at the Frick | October 24, 2025 |   . Home Calendar Trivia Night at the Frick Trivia Night at the Frick Event information October 24, 2025 5:45 PM - 7:45 PM Location The Community Room Cost: $30 members ; $35 non-members Members of The Frick Societies receive complimentary admission Description: Grab your team and test your spooky season knowledge during a Halloween-themed trivia night at the Frick! Trivia will include four rounds of questions and prizes will be awarded for first, second and third place. Looking for a leg up on the competition? Attend the Frick’s annual Spooky Spirits Walk on October 10 or October 17 to hear stories that will be featured among the trivia questions. Cost of admission includes light snacks, a Halloween candy buffet and two drink tickets that can be redeemed for wine, beer, soda, bottled flat or sparkling water or a specialty mocktail. Tickets must be purchased in advance; admission will not be available at the door. Reservations are for teams of 2-4 people; teams can purchase their tickets individually or as a group. Teams will register their team name upon arrival at check-in. Buy Tickets See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Oct 9 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: Member's Salon at the Frick Next Event: Trick or Tea × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

Trick or Tea |   . Home Calendar Trick or Tea Trick or Tea Event information October 25, 2025 Location The Café at The Frick Cost: $45 per person, plus tax and 20% gratuity added to check at time of presentation* Reservations Open Thursday, October 9 Description: A traditional tiered tea service, with a twist! Designed for our younger visitors, or those young at heart, that want to get dressed up for all the treats and none of the tricks! Visitors are invited to dress up in a costume and participate in a high tea this Halloween season. This family-friendly event will serve tea, hot chocolate, cider and other sweet and savory bites. No masks or weapons allowed for costumes. Trick or Tea will offer seatings at 11:00 AM and 1:00 PM. All children must be accompanied by an adult. No substitutions on preset menu. The Café at the Frick will be closed for regular business on October 25 due to the Trick or Tea event. Carry out beverages and pastries will be available from 9:30 - 3:00. *Member discounts do not apply to specialty prefix or holiday teas Seatings at 11:00 am and 1:00 pm See & Do Related Events Oct 9 Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick October 9, 2025 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM Duquesne students bring the sights and sounds of Frick history to life in multisensory installation Oct 9 Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Explore abstract sculptures by a Atticus Adams in the Frick Pittsburgh's vibrant, flora-filled histo... Oct 9 The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore The Scandinavian Home: Landscape and Lore October 9, 2025 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM From Sept 27, 2025 - Jan 11, 2026, escape to the magical, mythical lands of Scandinavia with The Sca... Previous Event: Trivia Night at the Frick Next Event: Spooky Shrinky-Dink Drop-In × Customer Login Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! Forgot Password? × Forgot Password Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us! × My Account Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account? Contact Us!

