Pittsburgh Food Festivals - Greek - Oktoberfest - Apples - Maple Syrup | Food Festivals Food and fun just go together and, in Pittsburgh, food is often the reason for the fun. There's a Pittsburgh Restaurant Week celebration in the winter and summer , neighborhood soup crawls and cookie tours, apple, maple and whiskey festivals. And, Pittsburgh's annual food festivals feature ethnic or traditional foods as well as the music, dance, crafts and culture that go along with them. Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Winter: Jan. 2026 (Dates TBA) Summer: Aug. 2026 (Dates TBA) Pittsburgh Restaurant Week in January and August each year features more than 50 restaurants offering special dining deals. During the week-long, city-wide event, dine at one of Pittsburgh's finest restaurants and take advantage of three-course, fixed-price meals specials. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh Restaurant Week (@pghrestaurantwk) Fish Fry Season Feb. 18-Apr. 2, 2026 Another Pittsburgh food staple is the Lenten Fish Fry . Beginning on Ash Wednesday and continuing every Friday until Easter, you can find great fish fries held in churches, fire halls and community buildings all over the Pittsburgh area. South Side Soup Contest Feb. 2026 (Dates TBA) Soup's on at the South Side Soup Contest . With Butternut Bourbon Bisque and Chipotle Chicken Chorizo, it's mmmmm good! This annual contest warms the heart - and belly. The annual February event allows shoppers in Pittsburgh's funky South Side neighborhood to sample soups from 20 local restaurants for one low price. More than 1,200 people slurped and shopped in the "Soup Hop," which benefits a local food pantry. View this post on Instagram A post shared by South Side Soup (@southsidesoup) One Big Table: An International Feasting Mar./Apr. 2026 (Dates TBA) 20+ restaurants showcase food from around the world to highlight Pittsburgh's diverse culinary scene and talented chefs with a food fair, entertainment, global marketplace and more. One Big Table is an initiative of Literacy Pittsburgh. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Literacy Pittsburgh (@literacypittsburgh) Pittsburgh Veg Fair Spring 2026 | Rockwell Park Pittsburgh VegFest is celebrating 10 years in a big way with this East End celebration ! This free entry food festival will showcase veg food, small businesses and animal welfare NPOs. Seating is available inside once you grab your food truck grub! View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh VegFest (@pittsburghvegfest) Greek Food Festivals Select dates throughout Pittsburgh May-Sept. Our Insider's Guide to Pittsburgh Greek Food Festivals provides a complete listing of the many Greek festival dates and locations. Mac & Cheese Festival May 2, 2026 | Stacks at 3 Crossings Top chefs, food trucks and vendors will serve up 30+ kinds of Mac & Cheese for you to sample as we crown the best mac and cheese in Pittsburgh. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Mac And Cheese Fests In The US (@macandcheesefests) Picklesburgh July 2026 (Dates TBA) For three days in July, Downtown Pittsburgh will transform into Picklesburgh , highlighted by a giant flying pickle balloon. Picklesburgh is an annual festival that celebrates pickling in all its glorious incarnations and goes beyond the dill pickle to include international dishes and handcrafted foods from local chefs; “how-to” demos; a selection of artisan cocktails; pickle themed merchandise, live music, and even a competitive pickle juice drinking contest. Little Italy Days Aug. 2026 (Dates TBA) | Bloomfield It's all-Italian-all the time at Bloomfield Little Italy Days which takes place at the end of August and features music, food, games and more food! Tacos are more than for Tuesday! View this post on Instagram A post shared by Little Italy Days (@littleitalydays) VegFest Aug. 2026 (Dates TBA) | Allegheny Commons Park Vegetarians and Vegans are not left out in Pittsburgh! Every summer Pittsburgh gathers for Pittsburgh VegFest , highlighting local vegetable-based restaurants and shops, meat-eaters might just be surprised how satisfied you will be eating a vegetable-based meal! View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh VegFest (@pittsburghvegfest) Pittsburgh Irish Festival Sept. 5-7, 2025 | Carrie Blast Furnaces For more than 30 years, Pittsburgh Irish Festival has celebrated the rich culture of Ireland and its unique ties to the Burgh through music, food and dance. You only need to be Irish at heart to join this Only in Pittsburgh celebration! The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival Sept. 6, 2025 | The Stacks at 3 Crossings Make time for the Pittsburgh Taco Festival , an annual food festival that celebrates tacos and the city's Latin-American community. Lawrenceville Cookie Tour 2025 Dates TBA | Lawrenceville Businesses The Lawrenceville neighborhood hosts the annual Joy of Cookies Cookie Tour each December. This free, family-friendly event takes place at more than 30 participating businesses where Cookie Tourists can sample the shopkeeper's favorite cookie. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Brooklyn Bagel at Arsenal (@brooklynbagelatarsenal) Apple Festivals Fall 2025 Fall means apple season in Pittsburgh and the surrounding region. Don't-miss apple festivals include the Hickory Apple Festival and Delmont Apple n Arts Festival which bring a healthy dose of family fun and hundreds of gallons of fresh cider to attendees. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Fishy Things (@fishythings412) Maple Festivals March-April 2026 Spring is maple season and the Maple Syrup Festival in Beaver County and Maple Taste & Tour Weekend and PA Maple Festival in Somerset County are your ticket to tree tapping and the freshest maple syrup from the state's top producers. Authentic Experiences Top Beer Festivals in Pittsburgh Learn More Only in Pittsburgh Summer Festivals & Events Learn More Pittsburgh Fall Festivals 2025 Guide Learn More Pittsburgh Music Festivals To Jam To Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Learn More Japanese Restaurants in Pittsburgh Learn More Dig in to Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Summer 2024 Learn More 30 Best Italian Restaurants in Pittsburgh Learn More Insider’s Guide: Pittsburgh Vegan Restaurants & Vegetable Forward Menus Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Visit Pittsburgh | Official Tourism Site for Pittsburgh, PA Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh Will Surprise You Kick off your spooky season with pumpkin spice and everything nice in our city of multitudes Fall is finally here and in full swing. Enjoy Pittsburgh's plethora of fall festivals , visit a local coffee shop for some pumpkin spice beverages, and head to a pumpkin patch or apple orchard to while the pickings are still fresh. Get ready for an unforgettable October in the city! It's the start of spooky season, and Pittsburgh has all you need to get in the Halloween spirit. The city is packed with festive activities for the whole family to enjoy! Head south to Kennywood for this year's Phantom Fall Fest , where you can do Halloween your way. In the daytime, family-friendly fun takes center stage, but at night, the Phantom takes screams to the extreme with six haunted houses and four scare zones. The Pittsburgh Zoo and Aquarium will be decorated with thousands of artistically hand-carved pumpkins for this year's Jack O'Lantern Extravaganza . And the fun doesn't end there! Check out our fall festivals page for more of what's happening throughout the city this month. And the Steelers season is in full swing down at Acrisure Stadium. While you're at the stadium, head to the Great Lawn and snap a photo with the official 2026 NFL Draft Countdown Clock for a chance to win a VIP experience at the Draft (see details below on how to enter). If you're not a football fan, the Pittsburgh Penguins slide into their season on October 7. So, whether you’re a local or just visiting, October is packed with exciting events and things to do in Pittsburgh. Don’t miss out on fall in the city! Clock in for a chance to win a VIP 2026 NFL Draft Bundle! The 2026 NFL Draft is just around the corner, and we're more than ready to welcome thousands of football fans to the celebration. If you want to attend the Draft in style, head to the Countdown Clock on the North Shore and snap your photos and videos to be entered to win a VIP 2026 NFL Draft VIP Bundle, complete with merch, exclusive events, and leisure tickets designed to help you explore Pittsburgh beyond the Draft. Click here to learn how to enter . The Pick is In! Pittsburgh will host the NFL Draft in 2026. Partnered with the Pittsburgh Steelers, Pittsburgh has officially been selected to host the NFL Draft… Learn More Lonely Planet’s 2025 Global Best in Travel Pittsburgh was featured on the Top 10 Cities list, the ONLY U.S. city selected! Find out More! Celebrate America’s 250th America's 250th marks the 250th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence on… Learn More The Hype is Real: The Pittsburgh Scoop is Here! Plan Your Trip Family Fun Learn More Arts & Culture Pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant arts… Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Learn More Annual Events The signature events that make Pittsburgh a destination every year Learn More Pittsburgh Sports In Pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. Learn More Share Your Story On Social #lovePGH Bringing the Community Together VisitPITTSBURGH, along with our network of community partners, has worked to craft a 10-Year Tourism Development Plan that establishes the foundation for a more impactful and prosperous tourism ecosystem. Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Sign Up For Pittsburgh's Newsletter | Tips & Information | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Newsletter Signup Want the scoop on Pittsburgh events and special offers? Sign up below to start receiving our monthly newsletter! This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Climate and Average Weather by Month | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Weather You can enjoy all four seasons in Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh is exciting in every season, no matter the weather. As a city with all four seasons, the 'Burgh has something special in store for those visiting in winter, spring, summer or fall. We've rounded up the best seasonal sights , events , and eats for every time of year. Plus, tips for how to pack and what to enjoy when you're short on time. Average Temperatures & Precipitation 15-Day Live Forecast What to Bring The Best Time to Visit Average Temperatures & Precipitation by Month Here, the weather sets the perfect scene for a variety of unforgettable activities. The summers are typically warm and partly cloudy, while the winter months yield low temperatures and are very cloudy. The coldest month in Pittsburgh is January with an average high of 39°F and a low of 23°F. Our city has a snowfall average of 44 inches. As for the warmer seasons, the hottest month of the year is July with a high of 85°F and a low of 65°F. The highest average rainfall typically occurs in June with an average of 3.4 inches. Month Average High / Low: Fahrenheit & Celsius Average Rainfall January 39°F (4°C) / 23°F (-5°C) 10 Days February 42°F (6°C) / 24°F (-4°C) 8 Days March 51°F (11°C) / 31°F (-1°C) 9 Days April 64°F (18°C) / 41°F (5°C) 10 Days May 73°F (23°C) / 51°F (11°C) 10 Days June 81°F (27°C) / 60°F (16°C) 8 Days July 85°F (29°C) / 65°F (18°C) 8 Days August 84°F (29°C) / 63°F (17°C) 8 Days September 78°F (26°C) / 56°F (13°C) 7 Days October 65°F (18°C) / 45°F (7°C) 7 Days November 53°F (12°C) / 35°F (2°C) 7 Days December 43°F (6°C) / 28°F (-2°C) 8 Days Source: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Pittsburgh 15-Day Live Forecast Thursday, Oct 09 High: 62° Low: 40° Few clouds Friday, Oct 10 High: 68° Low: 38° Few clouds Saturday, Oct 11 High: 71° Low: 45° Scattered clouds Sunday, Oct 12 High: 65° Low: 52° Heavy rain Monday, Oct 13 High: 67° Low: 50° Light shower rain Tuesday, Oct 14 High: 71° Low: 50° Broken clouds Wednesday, Oct 15 High: 64° Low: 51° Broken clouds Thursday, Oct 16 High: 60° Low: 48° Broken clouds Friday, Oct 17 High: 60° Low: 49° Overcast clouds Saturday, Oct 18 High: 60° Low: 45° Broken clouds Sunday, Oct 19 High: 58° Low: 43° Scattered clouds Monday, Oct 20 High: 59° Low: 45° Broken clouds Tuesday, Oct 21 High: 72° Low: 48° Thunderstorm with rain Wednesday, Oct 22 High: 55° Low: 42° Clear Sky Thursday, Oct 23 High: 71° Low: 56° Overcast clouds Friday, Oct 24 High: 67° Low: 54° Light rain What to Bring Prepare for your visit to Pittsburgh with the proper essentials. If you forgot something at home, explore local shopping options for clothing, accessories, and more. Winter - Although Pittsburgh is a winter wonderland, it's best enjoyed with the right attire! Pack your warmest coat, knitwear, thick fabrics, hats, scarves, gloves, boots, and thermals. Spring - Prepare for springtime by packing a light jacket, long pants, short-sleeve shirts, sweatshirts, comfortable walking shoes, a raincoat, and an umbrella. Summer - Cool down by wearing light fabrics during our pleasant summer temperatures. Cotton and linen materials are recommended. Pack shorts, sunglasses, short-sleeve tops, and a rimmed hat. Fall - Bring your sweaters, scarves, beanies, long pants, and a light jacket. The Best Time to Visit Pittsburgh Pittsburgh features year-round experiences for all visitors! Each season brings its own array of amazing things to do. Curious about how cold it gets in Pittsburgh? Fortunately, if you like to skate and sled-ride, you'll have a sensational time in January and February. If your interests lean toward budding flowers and walks along the river, spring is for you. Love water sports and outdoor attractions? Then visit in the summer. Festivals , crisp air and football greet you in the fall and the holiday season in Pittsburgh is unmatched. So, pack your bags and enjoy all the seasons in Pittsburgh! Be sure to bring your camera and share your photos using #LovePGH Did you know? You don't need the Weather Channel to know the forecast in Downtown Pittsburgh. You can tell just be looking up at the Gulf Tower! Located at 707 Grant Street , the tower is an art-deco skyscraper, in the style of a mini-Empire State Building. The pyramid at the top illuminates colors at night according to weather conditions and can be seen for miles. If it's black and gold, you'll know that one of the city's pro sports teams just brought home a winner! The tower's vibrant colors indicate temperature, humidity, precipitation and wind speed in Pittsburgh at that particular time. For a breakdown and color code, check out this guide from CBS News . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Bradley B. Photography (@bradleybphotography) In This Section Spring in Pittsburgh There are plenty of ways to enjoy Pittsburgh in the spring, no matter your interests, taste… Learn More Summer in Pittsburgh There are plenty of ways to enjoy Pittsburgh in the summer, no matter your interests, taste… Learn More Autumn in Pittsburgh There are plenty of ways to enjoy Pittsburgh in the fall, no matter your interests, taste… Learn More Winter in Pittsburgh Looking for cozy winter vibes, old world European markets and fireworks-filled festivals to kick off the… Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Saved Items | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Saved Items Your Trip To Pittsburgh You currently have no saved items. To add items to your trip, browse our website for attractions, events, places to stay and more. When you find things of interest, just click the “Save” ( ) button. Then, these items will be listed here and can be shared with friends via email or a URL link. This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Fun Things to Do in Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Things to Do A City of Multitudes Pittsburgh is a modern, ever-evolving city where the must-sees vary week to week as Downtown-encompassing festivals , a vibrant Cultural District of world-class productions , fan-friendly sports events in iconic stadiums, and our distinct four seasons make each trip unique. Add in our award-winning culinary scene, craft beverage -packed neighborhoods and renowned museums you can enjoy throughout the year, and the only thing you won't have on your itinerary is free time. Need to extend your trip a day or two to get it all in? We figured . Top Free Things to Do in Pittsburgh ​Who said you have to spend money to have a good time? Learn More Top 25 Things to Do in Pittsburgh Wondering what there is to see in Pittsburgh? We’ve put together an extensive list of must-visit… Learn More Pittsburgh Sports In Pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. Learn More Family Fun Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Learn More Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Cheers to a city that is full of craft beer culture. Learn More Arts & Culture Pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant arts… Learn More Inclines and trolleys and riverboats (oh my)! There are so many ways to tour and sightsee around the city of Pittsburgh. You can take a tour by bike, trolley, boat, jet ski, kayak, funicular, bus or Segway, or go old fashioned and explore on your own two feet. Take a ride on the historic Duquesne Incline for panoramic views of the city's skyline and rivers. Outdoor enthusiasts can hike, bike and picnic at the numerous parks and green spaces , including Schenley Park and Point State Park . Our recommendation? Pick one of our 90 neighborhoods that make the city unique and explore. Credit | Molly's Trolleys Pittsburgh Credit | Molly's Trolleys Pittsburgh This Week in Pittsburgh Events that will pique your interests and inspire new adventures. Let Us Plan For You Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Free Things to Do There are plenty of free activities in Pittsburgh. Browse free events, museums and more here. Free Things to Do Top Things to Do Between Christmas & New Years in Pittsburgh Hosting family for the holidays or looking to make the most of your time off? Learn More Pittsburgh Holiday Lights Experience the sparkle this 2025 holiday season in Pittsburgh! Learn More Top 11 Things to Do with a Family in Pittsburgh In Pittsburgh, summer is the perfect time to explore all the family fun the city… Learn More Things To Do Between Sporting Events in Pittsburgh Coming to Pittsburgh for the big game? Here’s an insider’s guide to some cool, local… Learn More A Guide to Market Square Located in the heart of Downtown Pittsburgh, Market Square is a must-see for tourists and… Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Free Things to Do in Pittsburgh Today | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Top Free Things to Do in Pittsburgh ​Who said you have to spend money to have a good time? Not us! Here are the top free things to do in Pittsburgh. Did you know? From Picklesburgh to Light Up Night and everything in between, many of Pittsburgh's biggest annual events and festivals are completely free. View our annual events page , summer festivals , fall festivals , holiday events or city-wide events calendar to find affordable activities and events for every season. Events & Festivals Live Music Art Sports Fans Film Buffs Free Events & Festivals Downtown Walking Tours See skyscrapers, soak up stories, scarf down a sandwich and more! Download one or all six free self-guided walking tours of downtown Pittsburgh to learn surprising tales from the past and see the best classic and modern skyscrapers. These tours, created by the Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation, are one of the best ways to experience Pittsburgh's rich architectural history! Download Tour Here If you happen to be touring downtown on the first or third Mondays of the month through October, stop by the Old Allegheny County Jail Museum between 11:30 a.m. and 1 p.m. when a docent is available to tell the story of this historic building. Old Allegheny County Jail Museum Self-Guided Tours The Old Allegheny County Jail, as seen in the film "Mrs. Soffel," was completed in 1886 to the designs of Boston architect H. H. Richardson and in use until July 27, 1995. A portion of one of the cell blocks has been preserved as the "Old Allegheny County Jail Museum." Enter the facility through the main Ross Street entrance (between 5th and Forbes avenues behind the Courthouse) or through the courtyard arch on Fifth Avenue. At either entrance, you will have to go through security. Open Mondays (except on government holidays), Feb-Oct, 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. View from Mt. Washington Drive up McArdle Roadway to Mt. Washington any evening to see why USA Weekend called this vantage point "one of the Top 10 most beautiful views in the country." Daytime views are great too, and sightseeing can be paired with a visit to the Emerald View Park , a 257-acre green space. The view from Mount Washington Step It Up for An Urban Adventure Go on an urban adventure and get a workout, too! Pittsburgh boasts more than 700 outdoor stairways within the city limits. You can climb more than 24,000 vertical feet if you tackle them all! Learn more about all the hiking and biking trails plus waterways - all waiting to be explored. The Allegheny Observatory Take a free evening tour and see the night sky in a whole new light. The visit includes a short presentation, tour of the building and an opportunity to look through the telescope. Reservations are required and the observatory operates on a seasonal schedule. The Frick Art & Historical Center Take a step back in time to the gilded age in this beautifully preserved series of buildings and gardens right here in Pittsburgh. The best part? It is completely free to tour the grounds, The Frick Art Museum permanent collection and Car and Carriage Museum. Clayton Sitting Room at The Frick Pittsburgh Museum & Gardens Credit | The Frick Pittsburgh Nationality Rooms at University of Pittsburgh & Heinz Memorial Chapel Tour 30 classrooms designed to represent distinct nationalities and cultures. Housed in the university's beautiful Cathedral of Learning building, these amazing classrooms are a must-see. Just be aware, these are active classrooms during the semester, so specific rooms may be occupied for classes! Farmers Markets Starting in late spring and going all through the fall months, our farmers markets are something to behold. Try local foods, meet area farmers and mix with the locals at one of many fresh farm stands. Take a Sunset Selfie at Pittsburgh's Most Famous Views We are a city of gorgeous hills and vistas. Discover our best views and scenic overlooks and see if you can grab a selfie at each one! Point State Park and West End Overlook are two of our favorites! Credit | David DiCello at the West End Overlook Fort Pitt Block House Built in 1764, it is the only surviving structure of the original Fort Pitt , and is the oldest building in Pittsburgh. It tells the story of western Pennsylvania's role during the French & Indian War and the American Revolution. Musket balls and rifle locks are two of the featured artifacts on display. PPG Place and Market Square There's no cost to walk around beautiful Market Square and PPG Place, located next to each other in the heart of Downtown. You might see fountains going off in the summer, ice skaters and holiday lights in the winter, plus artisan markets, live music, a holiday shopping village and more in this happening area. Dollar Bank Cinema in the Park Bring your blanket and some snacks and enjoy free Cinema in the Park ! This program takes over local parks throughout the city to show free movies. Each location offers something different, whether you want to be in the heart of the action at Schenley Plaza or just take in scenic views from the West End Elliott Overlook. Final Fridays Mingle with some of the top artists and entrepreneurs in the city each month at the glittering Rose Way for Final Fridays , located right by The Warhol! Rainbow walls, live music and a canopy of lights make this free event one of the best secrets in Pittsburgh. A cash bar and food truck is also available. Trundle Manor When I asked the ChatGPT AI the top hidden gem in Pittsburgh, Trundle Manor was the top answer! A self-styled tourist trap, take a personal tour of the bizarre collection of taxidermy, weapons, medical devices and much more. While the tour is free, donations are appreciated! Kelso Museum The Pittsburgh Theological Seminary has had biblical archaeology as a focus since 1908, eventually expanding into the Kelso Museum that highlights daily life in ancient times for those in modern day Israel, West Bank and Jordan. Admission and lectures are all free. The Strip District The smells and sights are always free in the Strip , a vibrant, walkable neighborhood full of international food, fresh markets, local beverages and tons of shopping. The Strip is a great stop any time of year even if you're just browsing. The Strip District Credit | Jody Mader Photography St. Anthony's Relics St. Anthony is the Catholic saint you pray to to find lost things, and a fitting person for St. Anthony's Chapel , which houses the largest collection of Christian relics outside of the Vatican. Remember, this is an active place of worship, so please remain silent and dress modestly as you visit the Chapel. Rodef Shalom Biblical Botanical Garden Visit the Biblical lands without ever leaving the city! The Biblical Botanical Garden is the largest garden of its kind in North America, and the only one with ongoing research and publication! Waterfalls, streams and deserts adorn this garden with 100+ plants labeled with corresponding biblical verses. Monuments and Redbuds Tours You can see some of the best monuments in the city without ever entering a museum. Go on our North Shore walking tour to see the site of the Immaculate Reception and much more, and in the springtime walk this same route to see the redbuds in bloom. Redbuds in bloom Dog Days of Summer Bring your pup for some four-legged fun at parks throughout Pittsburgh for a summer evening of fun and games. Giveaway bags full of treats are also passed out at this free event . Open Streets The last Sunday of May, June and July mean the return of Open Streets , the free community event that shuts down miles of city streets for you to enjoy via foot or bike. Activity hubs scattered throughout the route are packed with kids activities, exercise programs, live music and more. Karpeles Manuscript Library The former Holy Innocents Church has been wonderfully repurposed into the free Karpeles Manuscript Library . Rotating exhibitions here feature historical documents from the realms of literature, science, religion, music and art. Free Live Music Relax and enjoy some free music at one of Pittsburgh plazas, clubs or delicious restaurants . JazzLive Relax and enjoy a FREE weekly jazz series taking place at the Liberty Magic Theatre in the heart of the Cultural District. This popular music series, presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust, showcases some of the region’s finest jazz musicians every Tuesday. Pittsburgh Banjo Club You'll receive a friendly welcome from the loyal crowd that gathers to sing along during the club's polished Banjo Night , which typically include 20 or more banjo players with a little brass backing from a tuba and horns. The mood is lively, the beer is cheap and the entry at the door is free (just ring the buzzer). Every Wednesday at 8 p.m. at the Allegheny Elks #339 (you don't need to be a member). Pittsburgh Banjo Club Pittsburgh Opera's Brown Bag Opera Concerts Tune your ears once a month at the Bitz Opera Factory for free, intimate concerts at noon. Bring your lunch and a friend and get the opportunity to meet the performers after the performance! Music on the Lawn The Southside Works is rocking every Friday during summer from 6-10 p.m. with Music on the Lawn ! Free live music as you enjoy this beautiful shopping and entertainment area, what else could you need? Jam on Walnut Shadyside also brings live music to the neighborhood throughout the summer months, with all proceeds benefitting Animal Friends! The music is free, but the tempting shops and restaurants adorning the streets here might get in the way of a truly free evening. Summer Concert Series Live music fills outdoor amphitheaters in South Park and Hartwood Acres with new bands each week of summer through Labor Day! Bring your folding chairs and your leashed furry friends, too! Free Art See why The New Yorker magazine said: "If Pittsburgh were situated somewhere in the heart of Europe, tourists would eagerly journey hundreds of miles out of their way to visit it." Gallery Crawls Come "crawl" the galleries during these free quarterly showcases of art and entertainment in the heart of Downtown's Cultural District. Get started at any gallery. Unblurred: First Fridays on Penn Penn Avenue comes to life on #Unblurred: First Friday as local artists line the 4800-5500 blocks with photography, painting, music, dance and more as you shop local businesses. Troy Hill Art Houses See a full-size, working lighthouse built within an existing house as part of the Troy Hill Art Houses project. These total-structure-art-pieces first opened to the public in 2013, and the latest in 2024. All four houses can be toured for free by appointment. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Troy Hill Art Houses (@troyhillarthouses) Gallery Closed It's always free, and always open (despite being closed). That's the whole point of Gallery Closed , a unique art gallery you can only access by peering in two windows from the street at rotating exhibitions. You can't miss the gigantic historic plaque on the exterior of the building as well. Miller ICA at CMU The Miller Institute for Contemporary Art can be found on the campus of the prestigious Carnegie Mellon University. Free to the public, the museum produces touring exhibitions, art projects, events and publications all centered around societal issues. Murals Create your own walking tour of public art and check out the fantastic murals that bring color and life to our 90 neighborhoods. Follow our mural blog for some ideas to get you started, or follow the Homewood Experience and their custom mural route. Homewood Experience Credit | Eric Blackwell Pittsburgh Art in Public Places Downtown Walking Tour Take a walking tour of Pittsburgh's public art and see why Pittsburgh consistently ranks among the best arts destinations in the country. Tour four different Downtown areas to learn more about public art, such as the sculpture in Mellon Square, the eyeball-shaped benches in Katz Plaza and the blue text on the Convention Center. Download the Free Guides . Pittsburgh Art in Public Places Oakland Walking Tour Pittsburgh's Oakland neighborhood, conceived in the 1890s as a cultural center with grand buildings and broad avenues, remains a hub for culture as well as education and medicine. Explore 26 works of public art in this historic neighborhood, which features interesting architecture as well. Download the Free Guide . Pittsburgh Glass Center Experience contemporary glass art as well as other extravagant and unique exhibitions at this center. Exhibitions change to include a number of different experiences. Open Monday-Friday 10 a.m.-7 p.m. and Saturday-Sunday 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Pittsburgh Glass Center Society for Contemporary Craft Drop in for exhibitions and family friendly, hands-on art activities that are free to the public, and don't miss browsing in the tantalizing store. Located in the Strip District, the SCC offers cutting-edge exhibitions and has presented contemporary art in craft media by international, national and regional artists since 1971. Open Monday-Saturday: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Galleries Wood Street Galleries Take some time to muse about the new multi-disciplinary media artists from all around the globe. The Wood Street Galleries are located at 601 Wood Street, above the T station at Wood Street and Sixth Avenue. SPACE Wander into an integrated and open art ecosystem where you can explore the creation of both established and contemporary technologies, and the promotion of local artists outside of the region. 937 Liberty Gallery This newly renovated space hosts artists from local to international around timely issues and contemporary works . 707 Penn Gallery Expect an intimate viewing experience in this space highlighting solo and two-person contemporary art . 820 Liberty Gallery This gallery spotlights new artistic voices in collaboration with community leaders and neighborhood organizations in the city. Wood Street Galleries Free Things For Sports Fans Sites of Immaculate Reception & Forbes Field You don't need to go to a museum for sports history. See the site of the most celebrated play in sports history, The Immaculate Reception, at the monument in the North Shore, then head to Oakland to see the historic plaque and flagpole that remains from Forbes Field, the site of four World Series wins for the Pirates . Immaculate Reception monument - a holy pilgrimage for any non-Raiders football fan Josh Gibson Heritage Park Found in Station Square, Josh Gibson Heritage Park honors and tells the history of Pittsburgh's Negro league greats including Gibson, Satchel Paige and Cool Papa Bell and the teams they played on. Free Things For Film Buffs Find Famous Filming Locations Referred to as Hollywood East, Pittsburgh has had 250+ movies and tv shows shot here since 1990. George A. Romero's Night of the Living Dead showed Pittsburgh's potential as a filming location, including The Dark Knight Rises, Fences, Flashdance and the Silence of the Lambs. Follow our guide to where to find shoot locations for your favorite movie or tv show made right here: Romero Library Want to dive deeper into the horror legend's career? Schedule a visit to the George A. Romero Archival Collection , housed at the University of Pittsburgh, to continue your research. More Free Things to Enjoy! Enter Here If you wonder what the New York Times meant by calling Pittsburgh the "only city with an entrance," simply drive from the Parkway West (I-376) into Downtown via the Fort Pitt Tunnel and Bridge (the main route from the airport). Watch for it: You won't want to miss a detail of the spectacular skyline and sparkling rivers as they appear suddenly before you. Free Wireless Internet You won't have to pay to stay connected in the 'Burgh. For two hours, connect to the Internet anywhere Downtown for free! Free Transportation Go underground in Pittsburgh's subway, called the "T," which you can ride for free within the Golden Triangle. Downtown stops include Wood Street Station, US Steel Tower, First Avenue and Gateway and also the two North Shore stops to explore our stadiums and businesses in that neighborhood by foot. Park for Free on Sunday Downtown street parking is free on Sundays and holidays! This Week in Pittsburgh Events that will pique your interests and inspire new adventures. Let Us Plan For You Top 25 Things to Do in Pittsburgh Wondering what there is to see in Pittsburgh? We’ve put together an extensive list of must-visit attractions worth adding to your itinerary. Learn More Credit | Dustin McGrew Authentic Experiences Parks Western Pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the United States. Learn More Public Art Explore Pittsburgh's public art with one of our walking tour itineraries. You don't need to go… Learn More Outdoor Adventure The Ultimate Urban Excursion Awaits! Learn More Arts & Culture Pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant arts… Learn More Family Fun Learn More More Budget-Friendly Ideas 12 Places to Grab Lunch for Under $10 in Pittsburgh Learn More Pittsburgh’s Must-See Murals Learn More Monuments, Memorials & Sculptures | A North Shore Walking Tour Learn More Historical Sites to Visit Learn More Pogopalooza 2025 Learn More Share Your Story On Social #LOVEPGH This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Things to do in Pittsburgh with Kids | Visit Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Family Fun Looking for the best family-friendly fun in Pittsburgh? You've come to the right place! Known as the City of Bridges, Pittsburgh offers a diverse range of attractions that are perfect for making memories with your kids. From world-class museums to iconic amusement parks and unique outdoor spaces, there's something to delight every age and interest. Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Related Blog Posts Pittsburgh: A Family Travel Destination Pittsburgh is especially family friendly thanks to its many unique, affordable attractions and activities for… Learn More 10 Things to Do on Pittsburgh’s Three Rivers Your guide to getting out on Pittsburgh's iconic Three Rivers Learn More Family Time in the North Shore & Northside Neighborhoods Multigenerational family fun in Pittsburgh Learn More How to Ride the Pittsburgh Inclines Inclines, commonly known as Funiculars Railways, can be found all over the world and throughout… Learn More Top 11 Things to Do with a Family in Pittsburgh In Pittsburgh, summer is the perfect time to explore all the family fun the city… Learn More Top Green Spaces and Public Parks in Pittsburgh Your guide to getting outside and enjoying green spaces and public parks in Pittsburgh Learn More Suggested Content Top Free Things to Do in Pittsburgh Learn More Pogopalooza 2025 Learn More Events & Festivals Learn More Neighborhoods Learn More Things to Do Learn More Pittsburgh Sports Learn More Museums Learn More This Week in Pittsburgh Events that will pique your interests and inspire new adventures. Let Us Plan For You This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Sightseeing Tours - Visit Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Tours & Sightseeing ​However you like to roll, Pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. By land or water, on four wheels or two, tour and experience Pittsburgh first hand. Tag along with knowledgeable guides for free walking tours of Downtown, or take food tour to sample Pittsburgh's authentic culinary prowess . Get out on the water aboard the Gateway Clipper or the Rivers of Steel Riverboat. Keep active with a bike tour or keep it interesting on a Segway , there's something incredible to see in Pittsburgh, no matter how you get there. Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Related Blog Posts How to Ride the Pittsburgh Inclines Inclines, commonly known as Funiculars Railways, can be found all over the world and throughout history. Details Tour the ​ ‘ Burgh Here are a few unique ways to get a great sense of the city. Details 6 Must-See Places in Pittsburgh Add a visit these must-see places to your next Pittsburgh adventure! Details Top Free Things to Do in Pittsburgh ​Who said you have to spend money to have a good time? Details Pittsburgh Walking Tours Walk, tour, eat and explore Details Monuments, Memorials & Sculptures | A North Shore Walking Tour Monuments, memorials, sculptures and history along the river front Details 25 Famous Pittsburgh Bridges Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Outdoor Recreation in Pittsburgh | Golf, Trails, Parks & Fishing | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Outdoor Adventure The Ultimate Urban Excursion Awaits! Golf, boat, bike and explore the outdoors in Pittsburgh Wrapped in rivers, intertwined with trails and packed with parks, Pittsburgh is full of outdoor adventure. Bike, walk or rollerblade miles of riverfront trails, soaking in fantastic urban views. Bicycle rentals are available along the trail. Guided hikes offer another way to see the city. Rent a kayak and paddle your way along the river. Pittsburgh boasts a lush and diverse landscape and is filled with endless recreational opportunities for every outdoor enthusiast. Golf Pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses , with many of the best located in the Pittsburgh area. Enjoy championship play that is second to none. See More Fishing, Kayaking & Boating The Pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun . Pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. See More Parks & Trails Western Pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the U.S. On foot, by bike or in the water, the ways to experience Pittsburgh and Allegheny County trails and parks are endless. Hike, bike, hunt, fish or ride through the many beautiful city, county and state parks If your wanderlust reaches beyond the city limits, head off on the 150-mile Great Allegheny Passage, which begins at Pittsburgh's Point State Park, links with the C&O Canal Towpath in Maryland and then takes you all the way to the nation's capital for a spectacular 335-mile trail adventure! Take time to enjoy a detour on the Montour Trail - 60 miles of scenic pedestrian & bicycle rail-trail from Coraopolis on the Ohio River to Clairton on the Monongahela. Download the Official Guide for Pennsylvania State Parks & Forests App for iPhone and Android before setting off on your visit to Pittsburgh and its countryside. Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Related Blogs The Best Pittsburgh Rock Climbing Spots Learn More Top 12 Pittsburgh Public Golf Courses Learn More 5 Spectacular Stops along the Great Allegheny Passage Learn More 10 Things to Do on Pittsburgh’s Three Rivers Learn More Pittsburgh in Two Hours Learn More Pittsburgh: An Urban Adventure Destination Learn More 25 Famous Pittsburgh Bridges Learn More Top 10 RV Parks Near Pittsburgh Learn More More to Explore Western Pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the United States. Details ​Who said you have to spend money to have a good time? Details Pittsburgh sits at a unique confluence of rivers unlike any other in the world, diverse and more abundant than any other state except Alaska. Details ​However you like to roll, Pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. Details Pictured | Burgh Bits & Bites Food Tour On foot, by bike or in the water, the ways to experience Pittsburgh and Allegheny County are endless. Details Pittsburgh boasts a rich golf history. Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Arts & Culture | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Arts & Culture Pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant arts and cultural scene that we locals take much pride in. Plan your next visit and get inspired by our museums, galleries and exhibits plus world-class performances at historic venues. In This Section Visual Arts No matter your artistic style, Pittsburgh has a museum for you. Learn More Music & Performing Arts The performing arts are always in the spotlight in Pittsburgh! Learn More Museums From history, art, science, sports and more, Pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored. Learn More Architecture Journey through our architecture to see an industrial hub-turned-leader in the green building movement. Learn More Pittsburgh History Pittsburgh was called the "Gateway to the West" from its earliest days as a frontier village. Learn More Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Related Blogs Pittsburgh’s Arts Scene Learn More Pittsburgh’s Must-See Murals Learn More Pittsburgh’s Music Scene Learn More Insider’s Guide: The Andy Warhol Museum Learn More Jazz Musicians from Pittsburgh Learn More Unexpected Performances Learn More Unexpected Arts Learn More Performing Arts in Pittsburgh Learn More A Global Arts Perspective Learn More A Guide to Unblurred: First Fridays on Penn Avenue Learn More Insider’s Guide to Pittsburgh Music Venues Your one-stop guide to Pittsburgh's live music scene Learn More Plan your 2025 and 2026 concert lineup at iconic Pittsburgh venues. Details Support the arts in our vibrant theater scene Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Shopping in Pittsburgh | Reviews, Maps & Coupons | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Shopping Calling all shopaholics! Share your love for Pittsburgh and shop local to support the community! The Pittsburgh area features a variety of shopping options available. Pittsburgh's compact and walkable downtown area includes business stores, boutiques and maker markets. Venture into Pittsburgh's unique neighborhoods for an eclectic mix sure to satisfy your shopping fix. The Strip District , one of the city’s oldest neighborhoods, is a hub for those shopping for food, spirits or coffee, and Pittsburgh sports gear. Check out Lawrenceville and South Side for creative artwork, funky fashion and made-in Pittsburgh items. Looking for a mall or outdoor shopping space? Ross Park Mall features high-end fashion with over 150 retailers. Grove City Premium Outlets , located just 50 minutes north of Pittsburgh, includes more than 130 retail outlets. The Mall at Robinson offers more than 120 specialty shops. Don't forget, no sales tax on clothing, shoes or necessities means big savings! Making Their Mark Pittsburgh’s maker community is a must-add to your shopping adventure. Visit a maker market for locally curated, handcrafted goods from a variety of Pittsburgh artists, makers and designers. Pittsburgh Makers Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Related Blog Posts 15 Unique Places To Shop For Gifts In and Around Pittsburgh Looking for some unique gift ideas? Check out these Pittsburgh based gems. Details “ Wear” to Buy Face Masks in Pittsburgh Show your Pittsburgh Pride and support local businesses with custom face coverings. Details Explore Pittsburgh’s East End! Explore some of Pittsburgh's East End neighborhoods. Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Health & Wellness in Pittsburgh | Directory and Maps | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Health & Wellness Enter a world of soothing sounds, invigorating aromas and luxury at one of the Pittsburgh region's premier salons and spas. Wellness awaits at one of the Pittsburgh region's cutting-edge salons and comfortable spas, where talented aestheticians will pamper you and boost your sense of well-being with a facial, mani-pedi, therapeutic massage or customized body treatment. Update your personal style with a new cut and color before hitting the town. Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Related Blog Posts Pittsburgh Pampering: Spas and Relaxation Experiences for Everyone Everyone deserves to indulge in self care, and lucky for you, we've got a great list of local spas that… Details Holistic Wellness in Pittsburgh There are many ways to enjoy the benefits of holistic medicine in Pittsburgh, here are just a few. Details Best Brunch in the ​ ‘ Burgh It's a known fact: Pittsburgh does brunch well. Here are a few suggestions to get you started in the right… Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh, PA Sports Teams | Steelers, Pirates, Penguins & Riverhounds | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh Sports In Pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. Come see for yourself why Sporting News magazine awarded Pittsburgh the coveted "Best Sports City" title and why the USA TODAY 10 Best Reader's Choice poll named Pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "Best City for Sports" travel award. If its action you want, this city has it covered with the best of football, baseball, hockey and more. Grab your Terrible Towel and visit Acrisure Stadium to watch the six-time Super Bowl Champion Pittsburgh Steelers. Head to PPG Paints Arena and join in all the excitement when the Penguins take the ice. The Pirates make a perfect summer night complete as you watch the game from PNC Park, rated by Travel & Leisure as the "best baseball stadium in America !" Sports Teams Pittsburgh Steelers Pittsburgh is officially "Sixburgh" as the Steelers became the first team in NFL history to win six Super Bowl titles! Steelers Nation spreads far and wide, so grab your Terrible Towel and come celebrate where it all originates: the Home of the World Champion Pittsburgh Steelers. Here we go! Where to See Them: Acrisure Stadium Capacity: 68,400 (record is 70,622 for the 2022 Backyard Brawl between Pitt and West Virginia) Opened: 2001 Also Home To: University of Pittsburgh Panthers D1 football, Rib Fest Known For: Terrible Towels waving, "Renegade" being played in the fourth quarter, incredible skyline views Fun Fact: This stadium hosted two outdoor hockey games - the 2011 NHL Winter Classic and 2017 NHL Stadium Series. Did You Know? Pittsburgh Pirates You can always count on the Pittsburgh Pirates for an exciting summer of baseball! Raise the Jolly Roger at PNC Park , hailed as one of the best ballparks in the country. Let's Go Bucs! Where to See Them: PNC Park Capacity: 38,362 Opened: 2001 Also Home To: All Star Craft Beer, Wine and Cocktail Festival Known For: Skyline views, fireworks nights, the Pittsburgh Pierogi Race, fantastic local food and brews Fun Facts: 70 home run balls have exited the stadium and splashed into the Allegheny River, but only five have landed in the river without bouncing. Did You Know? PNC Park offers stadium tours all season long that take you onto the field for an up-close look at this magnificent stadium. Pittsburgh Penguins The ice might be cold, but the Pittsburgh Penguins are HOT! When the five-time Stanley Cup champions take the ice at PPG Paints Arena it's "A Great Day for Hockey." Tickets sell out fast, so don't be left out of the action! Let's Go Pens! Where to See Them: PPG Paints Arena Capacity: 18,387 Opened: 2010 Also Home To: NCAA ice hockey and basketball tournaments Known For: The antics of Iceburgh (the Penguins' mascot), RC Cola, fantastic concerts, WWE live events, Monster Jam and other family events Fun Fact: The Penguins had a record-setting sellout streak that lasted 14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021, resulting in three Stanley Cups. Did You Know? PPG Paints Arena offers free skates on select dates throughout the year. Look for announcements on social media. Credit | Dave DiCello Pittsburgh Riverhounds Pittsburgh is becoming a part on America’s growing soccer landscape with the Riverhounds! Take in a great city skyline at Highmark Stadium at Station Square and help turn Pittsburgh into a #HoundTahn! Where to See Them: Highmark Stadium Capacity: 5,000 Opened: 2012 Also Home To: Blues & Heritage Festival, WPIAL soccer championships Known For: Trains rumbling by during games, Steel Army supporters section Fun Fact: A riverhound isn't a type of dog! It's a nickname for the people who operate coal barges on the river. Did You Know? The On-Field Party Box is one of the best luxury boxes in town, offering unmatched on-the-field views with seating for up to 60. Credit | Chris Cowger Coming Soon... Starting in 2025, the Riverhounds ownership group will have an all-new USL W League team competing at the pre-professional level. Look for names, logos and much more on this coming soon. Other Pittsburgh Sports Teams In addition to the Steelers, Penguins and Pirates, this world-class sports town boasts teams in everything from women's football to ultimate frisbee, roller derby, armored combat and eSports! Other Sports Attractions Heinz History Center-Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum The Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum, a state-of-the-art museum at the Senator John Heinz History Center , features a stunning collection of one-of-a-kind sports artifacts and interactive exhibits that celebrate the rich tradition of sports in our region. When it comes to sports pride and sports history, no other region in the world is like western Pennsylvania. Engine House No.25 This historic firehouse now holds some of the most fascinating memorabilia of Roberto Clemente . Schedule a tour to see the paintings, photographs, letters and more and learn about the personal and professional journey of this beloved Pirates player. Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix Ladies and gentleman, start your engines! Don't miss this 10-day festival of motorsport events culminating with the Annual Vintage Races and Car Show at Schenley Park on the third weekend of July. Free to spectators. Collegiate Sports Pittsburgh is a world-class sports town and home to many NCAA Division 1 universities, some right in the heart of the city, including the University of Pittsburgh, Duquesne University and Robert Morris University. Each school has a variety of sports teams, including football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis…the list goes on! In This Section Pittsburgh Steelers Learn More Pittsburgh Pirates Learn More Pittsburgh Penguins Learn More Pittsburgh Riverhounds Learn More College Sports Learn More Other Sports Teams Learn More History of the Terrible Towel Learn More Related Blog Posts Insider’s Guide to the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum Relive 90 years of Steelers history with interactive exhibits for all fans of the black and gold Details A Guide to Acrisure Stadium for Steelers Fans In town for a big game? We've got the scoop on how to enjoy a Steelers game in the ultimate… Details Best Food at PNC Park ​Spending the day watching baseball at PNC Park is a real treat. Details Cheer on the Pittsburgh Riverhounds Add a trip to Highmark Stadium to your 2025 Pittsburgh Itinerary Details Roberto Clemente, Pittsburgh’s Hero! Pittsburgh's biggest baseball legend is Roberto Clemente and his impact on baseball and on Pittsburgh still remain. Details A Guide to PPG Paints Arena for Penguins Fans In town for your first Pens game? We answer all your questions. Details Pittsburgh Steelers Hall of Famers A look at the City of Champions' recent honors with Hall of Fame enshrinements and retired numbers. Details Ultimate Steelers Gameweek Guide Steelers Nation! In Pittsburgh for the big game? We've got the scoop on how to enjoy the ultimate sports city! Details Eating Your Way Through Pittsburgh Sports ​Experience Pittsburgh’s food scene through our local sports scene Details Save Pittsburgh Penguins 1001 Fifth Ave., PPG Paints Arena Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219 Details Open in Google Maps Map Pittsburgh Penguins 1001 Fifth Ave., PPG Paints Arena Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219 (412) 642-7367 Details Website Save Pittsburgh Pirates at PNC Park 115 Federal St., PNC Park at the North Shore Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212 Details Open in Google Maps Map Pittsburgh Pirates at PNC Park 115 Federal St., PNC Park at the North Shore Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212 (412) 323-5000 Details Website Museums From history, art, science, sports and more, Pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored. Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Casinos & Gaming | Reviews, Maps & Photos | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Casinos & Gaming ​Look no further than one of the Pittsburgh area's full-service casinos for entertainment and fun day and night! Try your hand and your luck at table games or the slot machines, enjoy live music and fine dining or pull up a seat to watch a sporting event on one of the big screens. Get in on the action! Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Film Festivals in Pittsburgh | Pittsburgh Annual Events | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Film Festivals ​Pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals within the city each year. Plan your visit around one of these Annual Film Festivals: Carnegie Museum of Art Film Series Monthly Screenings April-Nov. Programmed by artist and curator Astria Suparak, these screenings will introduce 52 films and time-based works by 48 directors and artists with new programs each month. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Carnegie Museum of Art (@carnegiemuseumofart) Pittsburgh Independent Film Festival June 28-30, 2024 Held at The Parkway Theater in McKees Rocks, the Pittsburgh Independent Film Festival prides itself on screening a huge variety of films across three days and keeping the focus on micro- and no-budget films created outside of the Hollywood system. The event features also features an awards ceremony and in-depth discussions between filmmakers. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Parkway Theater & Film Lounge (@theparkwaytheater) CatVideoFest Aug. 2-8, 2024 This beloved, nationally touring fest features a fur-tastic 73-minute reel of the year's wildest and cutest cat videos put together from thousands of submissions. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Row House Lawrenceville (@rowhouse_lawrenceville) ReelAbilities Sept. 5-11, 2024 The ReelAbilities Film Festival presents award-winning films through the lens of individuals living with disabilities. In addition to impactful films, the festival also features artwork and special guests to bring the themes of community and shared human experience to the forefront. ReelAbilities is a program of Film Pittsburgh. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Film Pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) Pittsburgh Silent Film Festival Sept. 29-Oct. 6, 2024 The Pittsburgh Silent Film Society will host the first Pittsburgh Silent Film Festival in Sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the Pittsburgh area. The festival aims to honor Pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! View this post on Instagram A post shared by Chad Hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) Three Rivers Film Festival Nov. 13-20, 2024 One of the largest film festivals in the region, the Three Rivers Film Festival will celebrate its 42nd year this November. The event showcases a curated slate of 25–30 independent feature films in a variety of genres, including dramas, comedies and documentaries. In addition to film screenings, there are Q&As with cast and crew, receptions and more. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Film Pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) Pittsburgh Shorts Nov. 21-24, 2024 Pittsburgh Shorts features the newest and best short films domestically and internationally at the Harris Theater, with an extra focus on films with a local connection and that promote inclusivity. The fun and engaging films include many that go on to be Oscar® nominees and winners. Pittsburgh Shorts also hosts a short script competition in partnership with Carnegie Screenwriters. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Film Pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) Reel Q Pittsburgh LGBTQ+ Film Festival TBD 2024 The annual Reel Q film festival in October is the sixth oldest LGBTQ+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in Pittsburgh. Reel Q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. The festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Reel Q Pgh LGBTQ Film Festival (@reelqpgh) Projecting Hope Film Festival Various dates throughout 2024 The Pittsburgh Mills Cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. To make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! Did we miss your film festival? Shoot us an email and we'll add you to the list! Past Film Festivals JFilm Festival May 2-12, 2024 The annual JFilm Festival presents international Jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. The eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. JFilm is a program of Film Pittsburgh. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Film Pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) Pittsburgh EU Film Festival Jan. 19-26, 2024 The Harris Theater in Downtown Pittsburgh is the host for the yearly Pittsburgh EU Film Festival. This year's theme was Europe's Moving Images and featured the films Somewhere Over the Chemtrails , France , Lonely Oaks , R.M.N. and other important EU films. View this post on Instagram A post shared by European Studies Center (@esc_pitt) Pittsburgh Japanese Film Festival March 15-28, 2024 The Pittsburgh Japanese Film Festival is a two-week celebration of the unique and exciting films coming out of Japan. Hosted at Row House Cinema, the festival features an amazing lineup Pittsburgh-exclusive premieres, anime, a look at Japanese gameshows as well as themed activities and tea tastings. In 2024, they're focusing on Japanese horror films, a genre which has massively influenced Hollywood for decades. Look for iconic horror like Kuroneko and House as well as modern horror, with the full run of films TBA. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh Japanese Film Fest (@jffpgh) Carnegie Mellon International Film Festival March 21-April 7, 2024 Pittsburgh's premier international film festival houses programming that promotes cultural expression and exchange through film, collaborating with local businesses, guest filmmakers and arts organizations to make a big impact. View this post on Instagram A post shared by CMU International Film Festival (@cmu_iff) Banff Centre Mountain Film Festival April 19-21, 2024 Our friends at Venture Outdoors host this globe-trotting film festival that celebrates achievements in outdoor storytelling and filmmaking. You'll travel around the world without ever leaving your seats with white-knuckle adventure at every screening. Pittsburgh Film Organizations The Pittsburgh region has always been at the center of the film industry. On June 19, 1905, some 450 people attend the opening day of the world's first nickelodeon, located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and developed by the showman Harry Davis. The storefront theater boasted 96 seats and charged each patron five cents. In addition, many modern film production studios have their roots in Pittsburgh, including Warner Brothers and MGM. The modern horror film “Night of the Living Dead” was created and filmed in Pittsburgh, and dozens of famous actors, directors and film professionals are from the region. Pittsburgh Film Office The Pittsburgh Film Office (PFO) was founded in 1990 to promote the greater southwestern Pennsylvania region as a great location for movie, television and commercial productions. Since its inception, the PFO has assisted in bringing more than 200 feature films and television productions to southwestern Pennsylvania: creating thousands of jobs and countless business opportunities with film industry projects and generating nearly $2 billion in economic impact to our region. Some of the most notable productions filmed in the Pittsburgh region include: The Silence of the Lambs, The Deer Hunter, The Dark Knight Rises, Jack Reacher, Fences, The Fault in Our Stars, Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom, The Perks of Being a Wallflower, Flashdance, Wonder Boys, Mindhunter, A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood, The Next Three Days, Love and Other Drugs, Unstoppable, and Out of the Furnace. View an extensive list of films shot in the Pittsburgh region. Film Pittsburgh Film Pittsburgh presents independent films from around the world, deepening audiences’ understanding of various cultures, expanding acceptance and recognizing our common humanity. Film Pittsburgh presents four film festivals: Three Rivers Film Festival, JFilm, ReelAbilities Pittsburgh and Pittsburgh Shorts, and Teen Screen, a free education program for middle and high school students. WQED WQED has two unique programs for filmmakers. WQED Filmmakers offers enrichment opportunities for filmmakers in the region, providing networking and project promotion within Pittsburgh's independent film community. WQED Film Academy is student-focused, offering middle and high school students classroom experience using the latest technology, where each class produces their own short film by the end of the classes. Filmed in Pittsburgh | Movie Map Authentic Experiences Filming in Pittsburgh Learn More Things to Do A City of Multitudes Learn More Hotels & Resorts No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Learn More Related Blog Posts Filmed in Pittsburgh | Recent Releases and Upcoming Projects A guide to the Pittsburgh locations featured in recent films, television shows and streaming programs and where to watch them. Details Reel Q, Pittsburgh’s LGBTQ+ Film Festival Learn more about Reel Q and the organization bringing LGBTQ+ films and events to Pittsburgh since 1985. Details Ultimate Guide to the Pittsburgh Japanese Film Festival Celebrating classic films and the most recent hits, Pittsburgh Japanese Festival unveils a multifaceted lens across different genres and time… Details A Zombie Review and Some Science, Too! How Pittsburgh became the home of zombies through legendary filmmaker George A. Romero Details Six Degrees of Pittsburgh Movies Join us on a journey of the relationships between Hollywood actors and Pittsburgh! Details 8 Awesome Pittsburgh Innovations Pittsburgh is over 250 years old and our history of innovation and evolution is rich and plentiful. We are famous… Details Pittsburgh Loves Mister Rogers! Mister Rogers entered our homes with his gentle, soft-spoken personality and his positive and affirming messages - and he won… Details Live Your Pittsburgh Romantic Comedy Yinz had me at hello Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Events & Festivals | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Events & Festivals ​There's always something happening in Pittsburgh. Your trip to Pittsburgh starts here Check out annual events , spring flings , musical performances , concerts , visual arts and family-friendly festivals. Plan your getaway around your favorite event or time of year. Annual Events The signature events that make Pittsburgh a destination every year Learn More Please enable JavaScript to show the Event Listings listings. Submit Your Event Share your event with us Learn More Events This Week in Pittsburgh What's happening in Pittsburgh this week, you ask? Learn More Top Beer Festivals in Pittsburgh Cheers to this amazing lineup of Pittsburgh beer festivals 🍻 Learn More Food Festivals Food and fun just go together and, in Pittsburgh, food is often the reason for the… Learn More Film Festivals ​Pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals… Learn More Pittsburgh Music Festivals To Jam To Pittsburgh hosts a number of fantastic music festivals throughout the year. Make plans to catch a… Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Submit an Event | Visit Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Submit Your Event Share your event with us Get your next event on the VisitPITTSBURGH Events Calendar by filling out this form Partners of VisitPITTSBURGH can also submit their events here . This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Things to do in Pittsburgh This Weekend - Visit Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Events This Week in Pittsburgh What's happening in Pittsburgh this week, you ask? For things to do in Pittsburgh this weekend and upcoming events that will pique your interests, fire up your taste buds and inspire new adventures, look no further. Check back each week for an up-to-date list of what to do in the 'Burgh. Happening This Week: Oktoberfest Pittsburgh 🍻 October 2 - 12 | Ft. Duquesne Boulevard & Sixth Street Bridge The countdown is over—Pittsburgh’s biggest Oktoberfest celebration will kick off Thursday, October 2 at noon with the ceremonial tapping of the keg on Fort Duquesne Boulevard. Cinderlands x Page's Tasting Event 🍺🍦 October 9 | Cinderlands Warehouse We’re closing down another sweet Page’s Dairy Mart season the best way we know how—barrel-aged stout & ice cream! Join us for the first-ever release of The Foundry Collection Douse Box, a special limited edition collection featuring three different 13%+ barrel-aged stouts plus a surprise gift inside. Only 100 boxes will be available, and this event gets you first crack at them. Pour at the Park 🌲 October 11 | The North Park Lounge Pour at the Park at North Park is a fundraiser to support the Allegheny County Parks Foundation and all proceeds benefit the nine Allegheny County Parks. The event will feature beer, wine, spirits and nonalcoholic drink tastings, food trucks, live entertainment the Altered Egos, children's discovery activities hosted by Coach Dave of CDG Sports and fabulous raffle baskets. Hispanic Heritage Celebration 💃 October 11 | The Andy Warhol Museum The Warhol and Carnegie Museums are thrilled to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month with Latin music and dance performances, Spanish-language tours, and silkscreen printing. Terrible Trolley Tailgate 🚎 October 11 | Pennsylvania Trolley Museum Get ready to ride, sip, and celebrate in true black-and-gold style! The Terrible Trolley Tailgate is rolling into the Pennsylvania Trolley Museum for one unforgettable evening centered around the legendary Terrible Trolley - our fully restored, one-of-a-kind Pittsburgh Steelers-themed streetcar. Ongoing… Phantom Fall Fest 🎢 September 12 - November 1 | Kennywood Amusement Park Kennywood's signature spooky-season event lets you do Halloween your way depending on the time of day. Come early for family-friendly fun, including festive food and a unique autumn atmosphere. Plus, enjoy your favorite coasters and rides during the day! Then, when the sun goes down, the Phantom takes screams to the extreme with six haunted houses and four scare zones. Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle ☀️ May 23 - October 26, 2025 | The Frick Pittsburgh Explore abstract sculptures by Pittsburgh-based artist Atticus Adams in "Catching Sunbeams from the Porch Swing of Wisteria Castle." Adams’ pieces — most made from metal mesh and wire — hang from the windows and ceilings of The Frick Pittsburgh's historic greenhouse, adding a whimsical touch to the vibrant, flora-filled oasis. The exhibition includes never before seen works as well as a site-specific sculpture inspired by the Frick’s history, collections, and founder, Helen Clay Frick. Carnegie Crawl 🛍️ September 2 - October 10 | Carnegie The town of Carnegie invites you to join them on Main Street every second Friday from May to October! Businesses stay open later and part of the street gets closed so folks can listen to live music while dining and shopping in Carnegie. Every Crawl is different! Do you have an upcoming event you'd like featured? Add it to our online events calendar ! Get the Details Upcoming Concerts in Pittsburgh Learn More Pittsburgh Theater | Upcoming Musicals, Plays, Comedy And Performances Learn More Top Free Things to Do in Pittsburgh Learn More Only in Pittsburgh Summer Festivals & Events Learn More Those Summer Nights | Pittsburgh Evening Activities & Nightlife Learn More Pittsburgh’s Rooftops Learn More Pittsburgh’s Outdoor Dining Scene Learn More Outdoor Drinks | A Guide to Pittsburgh Patio Season Learn More Performances in the Parks | Pittsburgh Outdoor Theatre, Musicals & Dance Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

America250 | Visit Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh Celebrates America's 250th America's 250th will mark the 250th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, 2026. It's an occasion being honored across the country, but Pittsburgh promises a celebration like no other. A look back at Pittsburgh's 250 years As the United States gears up for its 250th anniversary, it's high time we shine a light on Pittsburgh's crucial role in the founding of our nation. Long before it became the "Steel City," this incredible spot where the Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers meet to form the mighty Ohio was an important frontier outpost. Its location alone made it a hotbed of conflict between the French and British empires, eventually sparking the French and Indian War. The fight for control over this gateway to the west, from the building of Fort Duquesne to Fort Pitt, directly fueled the tensions that would explode into the American Revolution. The early drama right here in Pittsburgh played a significant part in shaping the colonies and helping to forge a new American identity. As a young officer, George Washington got some of his most valuable military experience right here. The intense competition for this land, and how it opened up westward expansion, set the stage for the independent spirit and big dreams that would define the brand new United States. It's clear: Pittsburgh was a true crucible in the forging of America. Since those foundational days, Pittsburgh has kept right on being a powerhouse of American progress, totally evolving from its early frontier roots. It quickly became the "Steel City," practically building the Industrial Revolution with its massive output of iron and steel. This incredible industrial muscle built the very backbone of our nation – think railroads, skyscrapers, and bridges – and drew in waves of immigrants, making our city's culture so rich and adding to America's diverse tapestry. Pittsburgh's also home to some amazing breakthrough innovations, like George Westinghouse's game-changing advancements in electricity and air brakes, which totally transformed industry and transportation. And don't forget the very first commercial radio station, KDKA, which kicked off a whole new era of communication! Today, Pittsburgh has totally reinvented itself again, becoming a major player in robotics, artificial intelligence, and world-class medical research. Just look at places like Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, which gave us the polio vaccine and multi-organ transplants. This enduring spirit of innovation and adaptability keeps shaping America's future, proving Pittsburgh's lasting impact on our country's economy, technology, and society. Pittsburgh History Immersion: 3‑Day Itinerary Explore the History and Places that Built Pittsburgh Learn More America's 250th in PA Pennsylvania is coming together for its own initiatives across all 67 counties . Giant bells will be created throughout the commonwealth as part of the Bells Across PA project. In total, around 100 bells will be placed by December. Another bell project will see bronze bells placed at sites of historical significance, The commonwealth will also be planting a Liberty Tree seedling in every county as part of the celebration. There will also be additional classroom education and an annual volunteer effort on July 20, known as Pennsylvania Day. How 5 Historic Pittsburgh Buildings Will Make You Fall in Love With the City Learn More Historical Sites to Visit Learn More Monuments, Memorials & Sculptures | A North Shore Walking Tour Learn More The Pittsburgh ​ “ H” Learn More Historical Markers Learn More Pittsburgh’s Civil War Monuments Learn More Submit your America250 event to be included in the Events Calendar. Select America250 as your event category to be included. This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Annual Events in Pittsburgh, PA | 2025 Festivals & PGH Events | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Annual Events The signature events that make Pittsburgh a destination every year Looking for something more specific? We also have lists of top beer festivals , music festivals , summer festivals , film festivals and fall festivals . Spring Events Summer Events Fall Events Winter Events Spring Events Pittsburgh Home & Garden Show For 10 days, explore more than 1,500 must-see exhibits, receive expert tips about home renovations and gardening, learn about the latest innovations in home technology, and find endless home inspiration, all in one place! Details St. Patrick's Day Parade Whether you're Irish or not, you'll want to join the fun in Downtown Pittsburgh. Get ready to pull out your green and celebrate Ireland's patron saint at one of the largest St. Patrick's Day Parades in the US. Details Pittsburgh Humanities Festival The Pittsburgh Humanities Festival investigates what makes us all human through a reimagined week of new ideas brought to light. Featuring interactive ASMR demos , talks with jazz legends , and a soul food culinary experience , all at the newly renovated Greer Cabaret Theater . Pittsburgh Fringe Spanning venues throughout the city, Pittsburgh Fringe is a performing arts festival featuring international, national and local artists and includes theater, comedy, visual arts, puppetry, music, opera, spoken word and much more. Details Art All Night This free, 22-hour long festival fills a gigantic warehouse location with art and performances from new and emerging artists. This inclusive and family-friendly event features live painting, interactive exhibits, films and 500+ participants. Details Dick's Sporting Goods Pittsburgh Marathon With more than 40,000 runners of all ages and abilities, Pittsburgh is excited to welcome back the Pittsburgh Marathon Weekend on May 4, 2025! This year's Race Weekend features the Marathon, Half Marathon, Marathon Relay, 5K, Kids Marathon, Toddler Trot and Pet Walk. Details Millvale Music Festival Voted the Best Music Fest of 2022 and 2023 by Pittsburgh City Paper, this free two-day festival features hundreds of bands at dozens of indoor and outdoor locations all throughout Millvale . Details EQT Children's Theater Festival This sprawling festival happens throughout Downtown Pittsburgh at theatres, parks, universities and other businesses as children exercise their creativity through live performances, scavenger hunts, brick building, STEM activities and much more. Most activities are free of charge! Details JFilm Enjoy great storytelling at the JFilm Festival! For 11 unforgettable days, Film Pittsburgh will transport you around the globe through a dazzling array of Jewish-themed independent cinema. Details Summer Events Pittsburgh Pride Kick off Pride month with a celebration in Pittsburgh! Pittsburgh Pride will feature performances, vendors, a community march, and free concerts featuring performances by local, national, and international artists. Details Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival The annual Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival is back! Featuring 400+ artists and musicians over 10 days, this Only In Pittsburgh festival is one of the best ways to start your summer. The best part? The Three Rivers Arts Festival is FREE! Details 3 Rivers Comicon 3 Rivers Comicon has been putting the comics back in comicon since 2016 with a huge focus on comics and their creators alongside engaging panels, amazing exhibitors, cosplay contests and more. Details Juneteenth Freedom Day This free, family-friendly event is a celebration of all Cities and Boroughs in Allegheny County and with four days of cultural activities, speakers, live music, a parade and local vendors! Details Pogopalooza The World Championships of Pogo is a free, kid-friendly event where top pogo athletes from around the world compete to break records and create new tricks. Pogopalooza DOORS OPEN PITTSBURGH: Downtown Find out what you DON’T know about Pittsburgh’s Downtown with DOORS OPEN Pittsburgh. Go behind-the-scenes and celebrate the architecture while inside a diverse collection of buildings – sacred places, government offices, theaters, artists spaces and more! Anthrocon One of the largest anthropomorphics conventions in the world, this four-day celebration takes over the David L. Lawrence Convention Center and the Cultural District with the record-breaking Fursuit Parade and Block Party. Details City of Pittsburgh Fourth of July Celebration The City of Pittsburgh’s Independence Day celebration returns to the Point on July 4th! Enjoy a family-style picnic at historic Point State Park , complete with patriotic music and food vendors from 4 to 10 pm. Details America's Mile America's Mile is a spectacular race event open to all, set against Pittsburgh's breathtaking North Shore. Choose your challenge from diverse heats like the inclusive MOVE Mile, the brave Heroes' Mile, and the competitive Aspire Mile (just to name a few of your options!). Details Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix The Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix (PVGP) is the nation's largest vintage street race and the only one staged on public roads. It’s considered by drivers to be the most challenging racecourse worldwide with its tight turns, elevation changes and natural obstacles like stone walls, curbs, manhole covers and telephone poles. Details Northside Music Festival This free, three-day festival focuses on sharing great music across indoor and outdoor stages in Pittsburgh’s Northside. Additionally, you’ll find family-friendly activities, food trucks and tons of surprises. Details Tekko Pittsburgh's premier Japanese pop culture convention returns to the David L. Lawrence Convention Center! Join fellow anime fans for a weekend full of fantastic guest meet-n-greets, cosplay competitions, games, J-rock concerts, pachinko and so much more. Details Picklesburgh A massive array of dill-ectable products and foods is central to all that is Picklesburgh , but the event also has a lot more options for pickle fanatics to experience, from dozens of live music performances to other popular activities like Pickle Cocktails, Pickle Beer, Pickle Juice Drinking Contest, and an abundance of pickle-themed apparel, merch, and much much more! Details Night in the Tropics: Island Oasis Spend the last July weekend on the North Shore! Journey to an Island Oasis during the National Aviary’s hottest party: Night in the Tropics ! Step under the papel picado and transport yourself to a tropical celebration with show-stopping live entertainment, delicious signature island cocktails, and a spread of mouth-watering bites from more than a dozen (and counting!) local restaurants. Details Barrel and Flow Fest Barrel and Flow Fest, is the nation’s first Black beer festival and second best in the nation, according to USA Today. The annual event showcases the country’s most talented Black brewers, along with breweries from across the globe in collaboration with Black artists, entrepreneurs, politicians, and business owners. Details Rock, Reggae & Relief Rock Reggae & Relief is a benefit music festival that brings reggae tunes, unity and feel-good vibes to the heart of Downtown Pittsburgh while offering a helping hand to our neighbors in need. Details The Great American Banana Split Celebration Latrobe celebrates the birthplace of this all-American dessert with a weekend of live music, goat yoga, kids activities, Yellow Tie Gala, pie-eating contest, 5k banana run and so much more! This sweet treat festival has been a staple in Westmoreland County since 2013! Details Little Italy Days Everyone's Italian for a weekend at this free, four-day festival in Bloomfield featuring authentic Italian-American cuisine, live entertainment, and so much more. Details Pittsburgh Renaissance Festival Take a magical tour through time and legend at the Renaissance Festival. Purchase tickets, get a festival map and more at the Pittsburgh Renaissance Festival website . Details Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Held twice a year, in Summer and Winter, the annual Restaurant Week celebrations are the best time to discover the most delicious spots in Pittsburgh. Find dates, participating restaurants, maps and more. Details Soul Food Festival Savor a soulful taste of the Burgh at Pittsburgh’s can’t miss Soul Food Festival! Established in 2019, this festival honors Pittsburgh's rich history of food service pioneers and entrepreneurs with a weekend of live music, activities, and soul food from more than 100 vendors. Details Fall Events ReelAbilities Pittsburgh Film Festival The ReelAbilities Film Festival presents award-winning films through the lens of individuals living with disabilities. In addition to impactful films, the festival also features artwork and special guests to bring the themes of community and shared human experience to the forefront. ReelAbilities is a program of Film Pittsburgh. Details Pittsburgh Irish Festival Learn about the ethnic richness of the Irish and Irish-American culture at this three day festival. Enjoy Irish music on five stages. Find out more about the Festival on the official website . Details The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival This special event has an incredible line up of 25+ of the best food vendors, and tons of live entertainment and family-friendly fun in the historic Strip District . Details Pittsburgh International Jazz Festival Don't miss this soulful weekend with more than 140 jazz musicians. Get information on free sessions, ticketed events. locations and more. Details Richard S. Caliguiri City of Pittsburgh Great Race The annual Richard S. Caliguiri City of Pittsburgh Great Race started in 1977, when former Pittsburgh Mayor Richard S. Caliguiri established the race as a “community fun run.” Since that inaugural competition, nearly a half million people have participated in the Great Race, making the event the largest 10K race in Pennsylvania. The popular fall fitness classic has expanded to include a 5K run/walk, a running clinic, the Junior Great Race, Great Race Expo and more. Details Reel Q Pittsburgh LGBTQ+ Film Festival The annual Reel Q film festival in October is the sixth oldest LGBTQ+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in Pittsburgh. Reel Q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities . The festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. Details Winter Events Kennywood Holiday Lights Every year, Kennywood showcases millions of festive lights and offers kid-friendly things to do for the holiday season. Details Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Held twice a year, in Summer and Winter, the annual Restaurant Week celebrations are the best time to discover the most delicious spots in Pittsburgh. Find dates, participating restaurants, maps and more. Details Pittsburgh Winter Beerfest Experience the annual Pittsburgh Winter Beerfest with our guide on the official dates, craft brew-filled activities, and more. Details Explore More Only in Pittsburgh Events Only in Pittsburgh Summer Festivals & Events Learn More Pittsburgh Music Festivals To Jam To Learn More Top Beer Festivals in Pittsburgh Learn More Pittsburgh Fall Festivals 2025 Guide Learn More Pittsburgh Holiday Lights Learn More Film Festivals Learn More Marathons, Runs, Walks & Races Learn More ​There's always something happening in Pittsburgh. Details What's happening in Pittsburgh this week, you ask? Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Christmas Events 2025 | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh Holiday Events From outdoor shopping and toasty refreshments to indoor exhibits and bites for the whole family, there are plenty of ways to enjoy the holidays in Pittsburgh. Experience the magic of the Holidays in Pittsburgh! Enjoy seasonal events and celebrations – all while following health and safety guidelines. Visit cool places, support small and local businesses and make plans to glide across the glistening ice rink. Read on for more on how you can get in the Holiday spirit this season! Downtown Events Greater Pittsburgh Events Holiday Performances Downtown Holiday Happenings Light Up Night Nov. 23, 2025 Typically the Saturday before Thanksgiving This annual celebration is the official kickoff of Pittsburgh's Holiday celebration. Experience a full night of vibrant activities and events, including concerts from national and local artists, extraordinary firework displays, family activities, the seasonal opening of Pittsburgh's winter attractions, the spectacular illumination of the Golden Triangle and more! The Peoples Gas Holiday Market™ Nov. 21-Dec. 24, 2025 (closed Thanksgiving) Downtown Pittsburgh is festive and fun at the annual Peoples Gas Holiday Market™ where you can browse outdoor wooden chalets brimming with unique gifts and holiday experiences filled with international flair and local charm. Enjoy live music as you stroll through an illuminated Market Square , and don't forget to stop by for a visit with Santa himself! The UPMC Rink at PPG Place Nov. 14, 2025-Mar. 1, 2026 Create smiles and memories when you skate at The UPMC Rink at PPG Place . Since 2001, this rink has been a staple attraction in Downtown Pittsburgh during the holidays. Meet the Man in Red Select Dates and Times TBA What’s a holiday celebration without meeting the man of the hour, Santa Claus? Bring the kids and their wish lists to visit with Santa in-person at his festive house in Heinz Hall Courtyard, thanks to BNY Mellon! Once again, families have the wonderful option for their young ones to visit with either a Black or White Santa. Just let Santa’s helpers know who you prefer! Handmade Arcade Holiday Market Friday Dec. 5, 2025 4-6 p.m. Sensory-Friendly Shopping 6-8 p.m. Preview Party Saturday Dec. 6, 2025 9-11 a.m. Early Bird Shopping 11a.m.-6 p.m. General Shopping Shop one-of-a-kind handmade products from 275+ talented makers and artists at the largest holiday market in the region at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center at Handmade Arcade ! This market goes from 11 a.m.-6 p.m. on Dec. 7, but Friday Night happy hour and Saturday early bird tickets are available if you want to shop early and avoid the crowds. The Pittsburgh Crèche Light Up Night (Nov. 22, 2025) through Epiphany Venture from Market Square across town to the U.S. Steel Tower and visit The Pittsburgh Crèche , the world's only approved replica of the Vatican's Nativity Scene. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Mike Boyko Photography (@mikeboyko.photography) Holiday KidsPlay Selfie Garden Throughout the Season 2025 Details TBA. Enjoy a family pitstop at the Heinz Hall Courtyard as it transforms into a child’s television dreamland for the holidays. Explore colorful backdrops and life-sized standees of popular characters from Fred Rogers Productions’ beloved children’s shows and other PBS favorites, including Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood, Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood, Peg + Cat and Odd Squad. Highmark First Night Pittsburgh New Years Eve! (Dec. 31-Jan. 1) Pittsburgh's signature New Year's celebration, Highmark First Night Pittsburgh ! The arts-focused festival will take you across Pittsburgh's Cultural District and features a diverse array of live music, dance, theater, visual arts, and comedy. The festivities culminate with a dazzling parade and the iconic Future of Pittsburgh Ball raising to bring in the New Year. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Downtown Pittsburgh (@downtownpitt) Holiday Events & Activities Around Town Holiday Magic! Winter Flower Show and Light Garden Nov. 14, 2025-Jan. 4, 2025 Phipps' glowing gardens are back and bigger, brighter and more breathtaking than ever! The 2025 show, Holiday Magic! , features a Winter Flower Show of holiday trees, 21 varieties of poinsettias, orchids, and amaryllis, while the Winter Light Garden wows guests including tens of thousands of lights, glowing tunnels and illuminated panes of glass. With a new theme of Enchantment, stroll through a forest of fantasy and be on the lookout for mystical creatures. GLOWLAND 2025 Dates TBA Pittsburgh's Oakland neighborhood will be aglow for a month long winter festival with art installations, live music and lights throughout. GLOWLAND will be anchored by Impulse, an interactive and family friendly art installation of playable seesaws that create sound and light in ever-changing compositions. Kennywood Holiday Lights Kennywood's Holiday Lights Nov. 14, 2025 through Jan. 1, 2026 (closed on Christmas) Make your season sparkle at Kennywood’s Holiday Lights . Bring your family and celebrate the return of this Pittsburgh classic. Take a stroll among more than two million twinkling lights and marvel at the tallest Christmas tree in the state. Savor the flavors of new festive foods and holiday drinks. Plus, there are rides for the kids and special entertainment for all. The holidays shine brighter than ever at the 11th anniversary of Kennywood’s Holiday Lights. Come make it part of your tradition select nights starting Nov. 14! Dazzling Nights 2025 Dates TBA Pittsburgh Botanic Gardens promises to immerse you in the wonder of the holidays for their Dazzling Nights event, perfect for families, friends and date nights. Have fun stepping on interactive lights, explore a forest of light and fog and journey through a 70' tunnel of light on before taking a photo to remember at their towering tree. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh Botanic Garden (@pghbotanicgarden) Wild Illuminations: A Holiday Lantern Experience 2025 Dates TBA The Pittsburgh Zoo transforms into a winter wonderland with a frosty reimagining of their treasured lantern festival with Wild Illuminations: A Holiday Lantern Experience . Expect colossal Christmas-themed lanterns, a secret forest, mystical dream tunnel and more in this walk-through and drive-through experience. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium (@pghzoo) Holiday Happenings at the National Aviary 2025 Dates TBA Spend your holidays at the National Aviary ! Enjoy family-fun activities during Season’s Greetings Saturdays, festively-decorated Holiday Brunches in The Garden Room and late nights with the birds during Holiday Lights and Late Nights! Don’t forget to stop in the Gift Shop or visit the online store for that perfect present. View this post on Instagram A post shared by National Aviary (@national_aviary) Nationality Rooms Holiday Open House 2025 Dates TBA The Nationality and Heritage Rooms in the Cathedral of Learning will be decorated for the holiday season again in 2025! Guests can explore the traditions of each culture, make traditional crafts, watch cultural demonstrations and even see St. Nicholas! This event is free, but gifts and foods will be available for purchase. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Nationality Rooms (@nationalityrooms) The Lawrenceville Cookie Tour 2025 Dates TBA Experience the annual Lawrenceville Cookie Tour, a beloved holiday tradition! This tour of Lawrenceville features shopping opportunities at local businesses who also offer free cookies to visitors, making it a delicious way to support local shops and celebrate the season. in addition to a sweet treat as you explore Lawrenceville, get your gives wrapped at free gift wrapping stations, purchase your favorite cookies at the community bake sales, meet and take photos with costumed characters and a free shuttle service to get around with all your packages! View this post on Instagram A post shared by Lawrenceville Corporation (@lvpgh) Holiday Performances - Ballet, Symphonies, Live Music & More Poinsettias and Pointe Shoes 2025 Dates TBA This performance by the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre is the unofficial kickoff to the holiday season as they bring the magic of The Nutcracker to the historic glasshouse at Phipps Conservatory . Tickets include admission to their Winter Flower Show and Light Garden. A Christmas Story: The Play Dec. 4-Dec. 21, 2025 (select dates) Experience the play version of Ralphie Parker's misadventures through all the trials and tribulations of a family holiday in A Christmas Story . Just don't try licking any lamp posts before or after the show. The Nutcracker with the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre Dec. 5-28, 2025 (select dates) Snow settles across the city as a wonderful adventure begins in PBT’s The Nutcracker . Join Marie, her Nutcracker prince and the Sugar Plum Fairy on a journey into the Land of Enchantment. Five fanciful scenes, more than 150 unique costumes and Tchaikovsky’s enduring score make The Nutcracker a can’t-miss holiday tradition. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre (@pittsburghballettheatre) Stay tuned for a variety of other holiday events and activities throughout the season! Authentic Experiences Family Fun Learn More Shopping Calling all shopaholics! Learn More Music & Performing Arts The performing arts are always in the spotlight in Pittsburgh! Learn More Top Free Things to Do in Pittsburgh ​Who said you have to spend money to have a good time? Learn More Related Blog Posts Pittsburgh Holiday Pop-Up Bars It seems like pop-up bars just keep popping up! Let us help you find the most perfectly peculiar Pittsburgh pop-up… Details Pittsburgh Celebrates Light Up Night 2025 Join us as we light up the city and officially kick-off the Pittsburgh holiday season! Details Peoples Gas Holiday Market™ Get into the holiday spirit at the 14th Annual Peoples Gas Holiday Market™! Details Pittsburgh Holiday Lights Experience the sparkle this 2025 holiday season in Pittsburgh! Details Top Things to Do Between Christmas & New Years in Pittsburgh Hosting family for the holidays or looking to make the most of your time off? Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

2025 Halloween Activities, Events & Trick-or-Treat in Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh Halloween Events & Haunted Activities From haunted houses to escape rooms, corn mazes and family friendly trick or treating at the Zoo, Pittsburgh has plenty of Halloween fun! Are you a wanna-be ghost hunter? Like to be creeped out? Want to get your scare on? Then you’re going to love Pittsburgh's spookiest Halloween events and attractions. 2025 updates are in progress. Please check back often as more dates and times are announced. Haunted Attractions Family Friendly Halloween Haunted Attractions Phantom Fall Fest Select Dates September through October 2025 Phantom Fall Fest at Kennywood Park is a must for ghouls and goblins of all ages. During the day, take in the fall views and enjoy festive foods and a family-friendly Halloween including kids rides being open. After 6 p.m., the terror begins as guests try and survive haunted houses and scare zones throughout the park. The nerve-racking roller coasters and devilishly delicious food make for spine-tingling Kennywood fun. Ghost Tours Fridays and Saturdays at 7 p.m., May-Nov. 2025 Haunted Pittsburgh Ghost Tours capture Pittsburgh's historic nightmares and share all things that go bump in the night. From Station Square, the tour travels up to Mt. Washington on the iconic – and purportedly haunted – Monongahela Incline . Then, you'll explore one of the city's most haunted neighborhoods as storytellers reveal the chilling tales of Pittsburgh's spectacularly macabre past. This particular dalliance with the dead is offered from May to early November on Fridays and Saturdays at 7 p.m., with extra tours added in October. Make sure to book tickets fast for the spookiest season of them all! Hundred Acres Manor Opens Friday September through October on Select Dates Offering five different haunted experiences including alien, voodoo and folklore themes, Hundred Acres is a must for Halloween lovers looking for a thrill. Plus, there’s an escape room, maze, and for the truly brave, a buried alive simulator that will test your willpower. If you need to calm your nerves, the Scream Bar has four taps nightly of "brews before boos." Portals of Fear Fridays-Sundays, Oct. 3-26, 2025 Located in West Mifflin, this newer haunt is serving up tons of scares to the greater Pittsburgh community, and is constantly nominated for one of the best haunted attractions in the region. Nightmarish creatures and hair-rising special effects will prey on your deepest fears at their main attraction. Halloween Cruises Fridays & Saturdays September through October Halloween means big fun on the rivers aboard these themed Gateway Clipper cruises . Returning in 2025 is the popular Haunted Pittsburgh Cruise , a spooky evening trip along the Three Rivers accompanied by ghost stories, spooky crewmates and Tarot card readings at 6:30 and 8 p.m. For kids, the Halloween Fun Cruise is family friendly with fun prizes, music and a costume party during the day (date and time for 2025 TBD). Evil Dead the Musical Sept. 26-Oct. 25, 2025 Groovy. Both jazz hands and dismembered hands will be flying at Evil Dead the Musical , a comedic show combining the cult classic films into an off-the-wall production. With songs such as "All the Men in My Life Keep Getting Killed by Candarian Demons," you'll be toe-tapping through the massacre as Ash tries to save the day with his trusty chainsaw. The show runs select dates at West End Canopy and sells out quickly, so don't wait to get your tickets. Evil Dead The Musical Credit | Matt Polk More Theatre With Halloween Vibes Besides Evil Dead, there's plenty going on in the Cultural District with stage shows, magic and more performances with spooky overtones: Mr. Messado in Ringistry | Oct. 9-19, 2025 | Liberty Magic - A deeply personal, hilarious and engaging premier performance where you’ll get to know the rabble-rousing raconteur behind the rings, Mr. Messado. Strange Journey: The Story of Rocky Horror | Oct. 12 & 13, 2025 | Harris Theater - Embark on the wild ride through the making of The Rocky Horror Picture Show and its rise into the biggest cult film of all time. The 4th Witch | Oct. 25, 2025 | Byham Theater - Told through shadow puppetry, actors in silhouette and live music, this work inspired by Shakespeare’s Macbeth, depicts the story of a young girl who becomes apprenticed to three witches. Haunted Museum After Dark Oct. 17, 2025 Carnegie Museum of Natural History will dive deep into the weird and wonderful with this special October event that features spooky specimens and surprises throughout the museum's haunted halls. Double Features at Double the Row Houses With their second location now re-opening in Dormont, there's 2x the terror at Row House this fall. Their Lawrenceville location is bringing back their signature Row House of Horrors event, plus October's Cult-O-Rama's 13 Hours of Terror movie marathon. At their Hollywood location , get tickets early for their screenings of Hitchcock films on Oct. 22 and 23 as part of their soft re-opening. Zombies of the Corn Select Dates Sept.26-Nov. 1, 2025 Stop the Zombie Apocalypse in Pittsburgh! That’s right, this is your chance to “open fire” and protect our city. Have you ever wanted to play paintball but didn’t like the idea of getting shot or getting dirty? At Zombies of the Corn , you ride the specialized Zombie Fighting Vehicle to eliminate these creatures that have an insatiable hunger for human flesh. The hunt begins Fridays-Saturdays starting Sept. 26, then adds Sundays starting Oct. 12. Family Friendly Halloween Activities Jack O'Lantern Extravaganza & ZooBoo Oct. 2-Nov. 2, 2025 Oh my gourd! Thousands of artistically carved pumpkins will glow as you walk through Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium during their all new Jack O’Lantern Extravaganza ! Daytime trick-or-treating will continue at ZooBoo , during the last two weekends in October. Hallowboo Saturdays and Sundays Sept. 13-Oct. 26, 2025 Throughout October, Idlewild hosts Hallowboo , a series of family-friendly Halloween activities like trick-or-treating through Story Book Forest, not-so-scary mazes, costumed characters, live shows and more. Halloween Weekends at Jellystone Park™ Kozy Rest Weekends Sept. 26-Nov. 2, 2025 Treat yourself to a Halloween-themed weekend of camping at Jellystone Park™ Kozy Rest! Kids can trick-or-treat around the campground, participate in creative competitions, and costume contests. Halloween at Pennsylvania Trolley Museum Fridays-Sundays, Oct. 10-26, 2025 The Pennsylvania Trolley Museum is celebrating Halloween all month long with a variety of special events. Magic Pumpkin Trolley - Plant a magic pumpkin seed, enjoy a scenic, fall trolley ride, then decorate your fully grown pumpkin and explore interactive exhibits upon your return. Trolley Tales of Terror - Set out on an eerie streetcar ride through the forest after learning about the ghosts that haunt the museum's collection. Trick or Trolley - Wear your costume and trick or treat among the museum's antique trolleys. Monster Pumpkin Festival Oct 18-19, 2025 Get ready for a colossal good time at the Pittsburgh Monster Pumpkins Festival ! This incredible fall event takes over The Stacks at 3 Crossings on Railroad Street in the Strip District for the weekend. Admission is FREE, making it the perfect family-friendly outing. Be amazed by the Champions Row of giant pumpkins, marvel at live glassblowing, and watch as master carvers transform ordinary pumpkins into works of art. The festival is packed with thrilling events, including the spectacular pumpkin drops from a 130-foot crane, fun 5K races, and delicious eating contests. With horse-drawn carriage rides and a variety of food and craft vendors, the Monster Pumpkins Festival is the ultimate Halloween celebration you don't want to miss!! Owl-O-Ween Oct. 18-19; 25-26 2025 (Included with Admission) Prepare to meet some of the most mysterious members of the bird world as Owl-O-Ween , the National Aviary’s annual celebration of creatures that soar through the night, returns! Trick-or-treat, make a fun owl-themed craft and explore other engaging activities. PLUS, anyone can wear their costume and join the Halloween festivities: getting the chance to meet an Animal Ambassador Owl while learning about what makes them unique from a National Aviary Expert in a Sp-OO-ky Meet and Greet! Boo! A Sensory Friendly Halloween Oct. 24, 2025 Join the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh for a special, sensory-friendly Halloween event with lower lights, softer sounds, and lots of space to enjoy activities including a silent disco, pumpkin painting, maker activities in the MAKESHOP, family portraits, and trick or treating to create your own sensory kit. Pumpkin Palooza Oct. 25, 2025 Tricks, treats and groovy beats will have your whole family doing the Monster Mash at Kelly Strayhorn Theater Oct. 25 from 1-4 p.m. Dress up in your favorite costume for spooky make-and-take crafts and pumpkin decorating, then come into the theater to enjoy family-friendly performances from Pittsburgh artists. Messfest - Halloween Edition Oct. 25, 2025 from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Put on your best costume and head to Kamin Science Center for a frightfully fun day of hands-on science experiments including stirring up colorful slime, launching rockets, and creating giant bubbles. This event is free with general admission. Haunting Halloween Music Immerse yourself in the sounds of spooky season by attending one of these concerts: Candlelight: A Haunted Evening of Halloween Classics | Oct. 24 | Be swept up in a haunting performance of popular Halloween hits at Trinity Episcopal Cathedral. Tales & Tunes of the BOO-roque | Oct. 25 | Creep into the New Hazlett Theater for spine-tingling music, macabre tales, and eerie images with Chatham Baroque and friends. Related Blog Posts A Zombie Review and Some Science, Too! Learn More Pittsburgh Fall Date Ideas Learn More Pittsburgh Fall Food And Drinks Learn More Haunted Pittsburgh Learn More Halloween Pop-Ups, Bars, Restaurants & 24 ⁄ 7 Spooky Vibes Learn More Pittsburgh Fall Festivals 2025 Guide Learn More 13 Obscure & Unusual Pittsburgh Stops Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Marathons, Runs, and Walks | Outdoor Events | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Marathons, Runs, Walks & Races Run, walk or trot through the neighborhoods of Pittsburgh during some of the fastest growing racing events in the nation. The topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. The rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. Whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, Pittsburgh has what you're looking for. Pittsburgh Marathon - May There are several races under the P3R banner, including the annual DICK'S Sporting Goods Pittsburgh Marathon in May. In addition, race weekend features the UPMC Health Plan Half Marathon, FedEx Pittsburgh Marathon Relay, UPMC Health Plan/UPMC Sports Medicine Pittsburgh 5K Run, Chick-fil-A Pittsburgh Kids Marathon, Pittsburgh Pet Walk Fueled by Pro Plan and Sheetz Pittsburgh Toddler Trot. More than 30,000 participants cross the finish line during this weekend of fun running events. Rush to Crush Cancer - Spring The Rush to Crush Cancer is a ride with three distance options to choose from to pedal and partner for cancer research. A survivor's walk will also happen race weekend. America's Mile - Summer The unique America's Mile road race is short, fast and fun. Set against Pittsburgh's breathtaking North Shore, choose your challenge from diverse heats for all ages and abilities then meet at the finish line for the Mile 1.1 Post-Race Party. View this post on Instagram A post shared by P3R (@p3rmovespgh) Habitat Pittsburgh's Youth Triathlon - Summer Habitat for Humanity Pittsburgh lets kids of all ability levels ages 7-15 run, swim and bike in this fun and accessible triathlon. This event happens at the North Park Pool every summer, and all kids get a shirt to tie-dye and a medal for participating. Hell Hath No Hurry - Summer Go outside of your comfort zone and challenge yourself with the thrilling race run and walk options at Hell Hath No Hurry. Held at the scenic Settlers Cabin Park, everything from a 10k to a 50-mile race and relay is here for runners to tackle. Yinzer 4.12k - Summer Don your best Yinzer outfit, grab the Heinz ketchup and meet us at the North Shore for this fun run complete with food trucks, live music and tons to do on the Great Lawn. View this post on Instagram A post shared by P3R (@p3rmovespgh) Rachel Carson Trail Challenge - Summer Held on the longest day of the year, the Rachel Carson Trail Challenge's main race is 36-mile endurance hike that goes from sunrise to sunset in North Park. An 18-mile hike and 7-mile family challenge also occur that same day. Steelers Run and Walk - Labor Day Weekend Every Steelers season kicks off with this fun event which weaves through the North Shore and finishes right on the field where the Steelers play at Acrisure Stadium. A Kids Fun Run for those 9 and under also happens the same weekend EQT Ten Miler - Fall Pittsburgh's newest road race, the EQT Pittsburgh 10 Miler features a classic 10-mile distance highlighting some of Pittsburgh's unique neighborhoods including the West End, North Side, Lawrenceville and the Strip District. The course begins on West Carson Street near Highmark Stadium and crosses four bridges before finishing in front of EQT headquarters on Liberty Avenue, Downtown. Pittsburgh Great Race - Fall The other major race happening each year in Pittsburgh is the Richard S. Caliguiri City of Pittsburgh Great Race at the end of September. Take part in the 5K Run & Fitness Walk or the 10K Run. View this post on Instagram A post shared by The Great Race (@greatracepgh) GAP Relay - Fall Spanning two days and the entirety of the 150-mile Great Allegheny Passage, the GAP Relay starts in Maryland and finishes right here in Pittsburgh. A one day, 40-mile adventure option is also available. Dirty Dozen - Late Fall Take on 13 of Pittsburgh's steepest hills in this bike challenge. Riders must bike up the hills in one motion without stopping or crashing to earn the prestige of being a Dirty Dozen finisher. The race includes the infamous Canton Avenue hill, which boasts a 37 percent grade and is speculated to be the steepest paved city street in the world. Other Fun Races & Events Other fun races around the city include the Run Around the Square in Pittsburgh's Regent Square neighborhood and the YMCA Thanksgiving Day Turkey Trot . Or, climb some serious stairs that lead to amazing city views. Pittsburgh has more than 716 sets of steps in 66 of its 90 neighborhoods. The annual StepTrek on the South Side of Pittsburgh takes you up a series of public stairways. View this post on Instagram A post shared by P3R (@p3rmovespgh) Authentic Experiences Trails Learn More Hotels & Resorts Learn More Plan Your Trip Learn More Biking in Pittsburgh Learn More Related Blog Posts Insider’s Guide: The Pittsburgh Marathon Get the inside tips and tricks about how to make the most of Marathon Weekend in Pittsburgh Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Oktoberfest Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Oktoberfest Pittsburgh O’zapft is! Oktoberfest Pittsburgh returns for more brews and bratwurst with your buddies. This year promises an even better celebration of culture, food, music, and community so festivalgoers can fully immerse themselves in German-inspired activities for all ages! Credit | Alex Newill Credit | Downtown Pittsburgh Partnership Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Information Dates October 2 - 12, 2025 Location Oktoberfest Pittsburgh will be held at Fort Duquesne Boulevard, utilizing the westbound roadway from Stanwix Street over to 7th Street and incorporating the 6th Street Bridge. Times Sundays - Thursdays, the Biergarten will be open daily from noon to 8 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays: noon to 10 p.m. Admission General admission to the event is free, though certain activities require the purchase of tickets. Food and drinks will be available for purchase, along with alcoholic beverages for guests 21 and older. Credit | Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership Featured Experiences In true Bavarian tradition, this year’s Oktoberfest will feature an array of family-friendly activities and attractions designed to bring the spirit of Munich to Pittsburgh. With lively music performances on the main stage, there will be no shortage of ways to celebrate. Inside the festival tent, guests can explore authentic merchandise, raise a beer stein and savor classic Bavarian cuisine like bratwurst and pretzels and more. Beyond the food and drinking festivities, festivalgoers can also immerse themselves in German-inspired activities for all ages. Highlights include the ever-popular Stein Holding, as well as an array of Karneval games. Adding to the festive atmosphere, Oompah band and Bavarian-style musicians will be filling the air with accordion melodies and lively polka tunes sure to amuse and delight audiences of all ages. Credit | Downtown Pittsburgh Partnership Other Oktobrfests happening throughout the region Augtoberfest : Aug. 22-23 Teutonia Mannerchor : Aug. 29-31 Pennsylvania Bavarian Oktoberfest : Sept. 19-21 Penn Brewery : Sept. 19-20 & Sept. 26-27 Golden Age Oktoberfest : Sept. 19-Oct. 5 Eleventh Hour Brewing : Sept. 20, Sept. 26-27, Oct. 3-4 VOktoberfest : Sept. 27 Rocktoberfest : Oct. 5 Smoketoberfest : Oct. 18 Pittsburgh Fall Festivals 2025 Guide Colorful foliage. Crisp air. Pumpkins. What's not to love about Fall? Details Top Beer Festivals in Pittsburgh Cheers to this amazing lineup of Pittsburgh beer festivals 🍻 Details Fall in Love with Pittsburgh Fall Foliage There’s something about the leaves changing that make fall in Pittsburgh extra special Details Craft Beer & Bites Beer to Pour & Menus to Explore Details Apple Picking & Pumpkin Patches: Day Trips from Pittsburgh for Fall Fun The air is getting crispy and the sunsets are getting earlier. Are you ready for fall? Details Pittsburgh: A Craft Beverage Destination Are you ready to explore the rich history and vibrant contemporary scene of imbibing in Pittsburgh? Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Top Hotels & Resorts in Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Hotels & Resorts No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. A Relaxing Stay Awaits in Pittsburgh After enjoying a busy day in our City of Multitudes, it's time to relax and recharge. Luckily, Pittsburgh's hotels and resorts have you covered with options for luxury or budget-friendly, historic or modern, and plenty of spots with a grand view. View All Hotels in Pittsburgh FAQs Hotels in Pittsburgh Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Neighborhoods ​Pittsburgh is not only defined by its skyline and its sports teams, but also by its 90 vibrant and welcoming neighborhoods. Learn More Things to Do Explore our ultimate guide on things to do in the City of Multitudes. Learn More Frequently Asked Questions 1. When is the best time to visit Pittsburgh? Pittsburgh offers year-round fun for all visitors, whether you're embarking on a family-friendly adventure or a romantic getaway . With a variety of annual events and iconic attractions , there's no shortage of unforgettable memories in our city. 2. What are some of the top attractions in Pittsburgh? Duquesne Incline , Acrisure Stadium , and Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens are just some of the must-visit attractions in Pittsburgh. We've got all of your interests covered with a wide assortment of activities. Sports fans, foodies, art aficionados, and wildlife enthusiasts will enjoy diving into various one-of-a-kind experiences. 3. Which Pittsburgh hotels are dog-friendly? There are plenty of dog-friendly hotels offering accommodating services and amenities. Look through our guide on dog-friendly hotels in Pittsburgh, finding the best stay for your furry companion. Explore More 6 Pittsburgh Hotel Restaurants You Need to Try Learn More Keep on Rockin’ at The Oaklander Recording Studio Learn More Pittsburgh’s Rooftops Learn More The Oaklander: The Hotel for Travelers of All Types Learn More Paradise in Pittsburgh Learn More Pittsburgh in Two Hours Learn More Top 10 RV Parks Near Pittsburgh Learn More Dog-Friendly Hotels in Pittsburgh Learn More Modern Upscale Hotels in Pittsburgh Learn More Events & Festivals ​There's always something happening in Pittsburgh. Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Restaurants | Listings, Nightlife & Farmers Markets | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Pittsburgh's fantastic food scene is continually getting recognized in national and international media . In our City of Multitudes, you'll find globe-spanning cuisine with inspired menus, unique locations and awarded chefs to suit all palates. Choose from casual family spots, chef-owned concepts, romantic eateries with a view, tableside jazz hotspots, hidden gems, late-night bites or convenient take-out. Plan your culinary adventure: Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Food Festivals Food and fun just go together and, in Pittsburgh, food is often the reason for… Learn More 21 Foods You Can Only Get in Pittsburgh When you're in Pittsburgh, make sure you eat like the locals do. Learn More Pittsburgh: A Foodie Destination Pittsburgh’s award-winning food is a huge draw for visitors, and it is continually getting recognized… Learn More Food at the Confluence Nestled in the Allegheny Mountain range, at the confluence of the Monongahela, Allegheny and Ohio… Learn More 2025 Guide to Pittsburgh Farmers Markets Shop fresh, locally-grown foods at these Pittsburgh farmers markets Learn More Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Cheers to a city that is full of craft beer culture. Learn More Wineries & Distilleries Discover and explore Pittsburgh's unique drinking history! Learn More Bars & Nightlife When the sun goes down, the fun continues in Pittsburgh! Learn More Pittsburgh Food Stories 21 Foods You Can Only Get in Pittsburgh When you're in Pittsburgh, make sure you eat like the locals do. Details Top Pierogi Places in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh is home to some of the best pierogi joints in the country, so make sure to check out a… Details A Taste of Pittsburgh’s Food Scene Red hot restaurants to add to your next visit to Pittsburgh Details Best Food at PNC Park ​Spending the day watching baseball at PNC Park is a real treat. Details Ultimate Guide to Pittsburgh’s Can’t-Miss Food Trucks Pittsburgh has plenty of awesome food trucks that can be found at festivals and events all throughout the city, or… Details Insider’s Guide: Pittsburgh Vegan Restaurants & Vegetable Forward Menus Your guide to award-winning vegan Pittsburgh restaurants, bakeries, sweets and more. Details Japanese Restaurants in Pittsburgh Enjoy a variety of Japanese restaurants in Pittsburgh, indulging in traditional flavors, modern twists, and a blend of different cuisines. Details 30 Best Italian Restaurants in Pittsburgh Discover some of the best Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh with delicious food, refreshing drinks, cozy seating, and more. Details What to Eat at Kennywood Fuel Up with Iconic Pittsburgh Eats and Sweet Treats as you Ride the Day Away Details Best Soup in Pittsburgh The soup in Pittsburgh is not to be missed. Here are a few of our favorites. Details Pittsburgh’s Fish Fry-Days | 2025 Fish Fry Guide Lent is here, which means that it's time for Fish Fry-days at restaurants, churches and fire halls across the city! Details Best Donut Shops in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth. Details Where to Enjoy the Best Mocktails in Pittsburgh Uncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment. Details Insider’s Guide to the Top Seafood Restaurants in Pittsburgh Discover some of the best seafood restaurants in Pittsburgh, where you’ll find both traditional dishes like steamed oysters and modern… Details Share Your Story On Social #lovePGH Explore More Museums From history, art, science, sports and more, Pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored. Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Bars & Nightlife | Casinos & Restaurants | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Bars & Nightlife When the sun goes down, the fun continues in Pittsburgh! Looking for evening adventures while you’re in town? Whether you’re seeking an upscale nightclub, a local bar to catch the game or an entertainment destination with a number of options in on one place, Pittsburgh has something for you – all within walking distance or a short shared ride away from hotels. Casinos Located on Pittsburgh’s North Shore, Rivers Casino is open 24 hours a day and offers many entertainment options beyond its 3,000 slot machines and 86 table games. Happy hour, live entertainment, dancing and dining can be enjoyed as well as entertainment at the 1,000-seat riverside amphitheater. Local Hangouts If you’re looking to gather with some of the locals, head into Pittsburgh’s neighborhoods to find a number of eclectic hangouts. With more than 80 bars and restaurants through the South Side flats, Carson Street offers a variety of dining and nightlife from top-shelf whiskey selections at Carmela’s Plates & Pints to a wide selection of beers on tap at the Vault Taproom. Plan a visit to Pittsburgh's North Side, Lawrenceville or Shadyside neighborhoods to explore even more options. Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Pittsburgh’s Music Scene Pittsburgh's music scene is full of talented artists you don't want to miss! Details 13 Awesome Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Discover top-rated Pittsburgh breweries, embarking on a craft beer-inspired exploration. Cultivate an unforgettable outing with Pittsburgh beer. Whether you’re a… Details Insider’s Guide to Three Rivers Beer Week 2025 Popping local events from Pittsburgh's most popular breweries highlight 2025 event Details Where to Enjoy the Best Mocktails in Pittsburgh Uncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment. Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

The Best Pittsburgh Breweries - Visit Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Cheers to a city that is full of craft beer culture. Recently tabbed the best beer city in the U.S. for 2023, Pittsburgh is a must-see destination for craft beer enthusiasts. Full of 60+ unique, Only in Pittsburgh breweries, the scene here continues to grow, impress and draw industry attention. Award-winning brews, including Grist House's 8th Anniversary Reserve Stout (a 2022 gold medal-winner at the Great American Beer Festival), Church Brew Works' Pious Monk Dunkel, Helltown Brewing’s Mischievous Brown and Brew Gentlemen’s General Braddock’s (named one of the 25-best beers of the decade ) are among many quality brews you’ll find in the city. Whether you’re looking for a New England IPA, a unique sour, a refreshing clean beer or something completely new, Pittsburgh breweries have you covered. Craft Beer Culture Pittsburgh celebrates craft beer culture with a rich history of beers and award-winning festivals. Penn Brewery , the oldest and largest craft brewery in Pittsburgh, specializes in German-style beers brewed in the tradition of German immigrants, while Strange Roots Experimental Ales Brewery is a unique style brewery that specializes in foraged ingredients, spontaneous fermentation and experimentation. The award-winning Barrel and Flow Fest (formerly Fresh Fest), the nation’s first Black brew festival, features craft beer veterans, connoisseurs and novices from across the country for a one-of-a-kind cultural experience. Share Your Story On Social #LOVEPGH Craft Beer School Not a craft brew connoisseur? No problem! Sign up for Craft Beer School to taste and learn about different craft beers including varieties and techniques. A variety of special guests host class and bring their unique perspectives and expert knowledge to the table. City Brew Tours Pittsburgh Book a tour and get a taste of Pittsburgh’s history through its awesome beer scene. Join a public group tour or book a private event to explore some of the city’s finest breweries and local favorites. Pittsburgh Brewers Guild The second edition of the Pittsburgh Brewery Guide has been release by the Pittsburgh Brewers Guild . Featuring more than 40 breweries and multiple ways to earn prizes, the limited run booklet can be found at breweries throughout Allegheny County. The guide also features seven pre-made brewery trails to help you plan a visit to various areas of the city. Or, use the interactive, online map to create your own custom trail. Share Your Story On Social #LOVEPGH The Breweries Pittsburgh is a town united in its love of beer. And when it comes to craft breweries, you’ll find no shortage of unique options wherever you find yourself in the city. Below you'll find some of our favorites organized by region. Central Aslin Beer Co. 1801 Smallman Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Bonafide Beer Co 155 21 Street, Pittsburgh, PA, 15222 412-586-7089 The Church Brew Works 3525 Liberty Ave., Pittsburgh, PA 15201 412-688-8200 Cinderlands Warehouse 2601 Smallman St., Pittsburgh, PA 15222 412-209-1575 Coven Brewing 4901 Butler St., Pittsburgh, PA 15201 412-621-0540 Eleventh Hour Brewing 3711 Charlotte St., Pittsburgh, PA 15201 412-676-8034 Hop Farm Brewing Company 5601 Butler St., Pittsburgh, PA 15201 412-408-3248 Lolev Beer 5247 Butler St., Pittsburgh, PA 15201 Long Story Short 3705 Butler St., Pittsburgh, PA 15201 Roundabout Pop-Up Beer Garden (seasonal) 1836 Oxline St., Pittsburgh, PA 15233 Sly Fox Taphouse at the Point 300 Liberty Ave. Suite 100, Pittsburgh, PA 15222 412-586-7474 Trace Brewing 4312 Main St., Pittsburgh, PA 1522 412-904-3555 Velum Fermentation 2120 Jane St, Pittsburgh, PA 15203 Voodoo Brewing Co. - Pittsburgh Pub 337 North Shore Dr., Pittsburgh, PA North Acrospire Brewing Company 1650 Butler Plank Rd., Glenshaw, PA 15116 412-453-6266 Allegheny City Brewing Company 507 Foreland St., Pittsburgh, PA 15212 412-904-3732 CoStar Brewing 323 Butler St., Etna, PA 15223 412-408-3037 Dancing Gnome Beer Company 1025 Main St., Pittsburgh, PA 15215 412-408-2083 Dough Daddy Brewery 4399 Gibsonia Rd., Gibsonia, PA Full Pint Beer - Brewery Outpost 16087 Perry Hwy., Warrendale, PA 15086 878-332-8138 Grist House Craft Brewery 10 E Sherman St., Pittsburgh, PA 15209 412-447-1442 Hitchhiker’s Brewing Company Brewery & Taproom 1500 S. Canal St., Pittsburgh PA 15215 190 Castle Shannon Blvd., Pittsburgh PA 15228 412-343-1950 Late Addition Brewing + Blending 847 Western Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15233 Penn Brewery 800 Vinial St., Pittsburgh, PA 15212 412-237-9400 Southern Tier Brewing Company 316 N Shore Dr., Pittsburgh, PA 15212 412-301-2337 Strange Roots Experimental Ales 501 E. Ohio St., Millvale, PA (Millvale) East Acclamation Brewing 555 Wildwood Ave., Verona, PA 15147 Brew Gentlemen Beer Company 512 Braddock Ave., Braddock, PA 15104 412-871-5075 East End Brewing Company 147 Julius St., Pittsburgh, PA 15206 (Brewery & Pub) 412-537-2337 Golden Age Beer Company 337 E. 8th Ave., Homestead, PA 15120 412-205-3635 Hofbrauhaus 2705 S Water St., Pittsburgh, PA 15203 412-224-2328 Inner Groove Brewing 751 E. Railroad Ave. Verona, PA 412-828-1351 The Leaning Cask Brewing Company 850 Pittsburgh St., Springdale, PA 15144 724-715-7539 Long Story Short 3705 Butler St, Pittsburgh, PA 15201 Old Thunder Brewing 340 Freeport Rd., Pittsburgh, PA 15238 Pittsburgh Brewing Company 150 Ferry St., Creighton, PA 15030 Squatch Brewing 203 Townsend Dr, Monroeville, PA 15146 Two Frays Brewery 5113 Penn Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15224, USA Helltown Brewing 5578 Old William Penn Hwy., Export, PA 15632 724-519-8354 Voodoo Brewing Co. - Homestead Pub 205 E. 9th Ave., Homestead, PA 15120 412-368-8973 Wye Beer Co. 3 Forbes Rd, Trafford, PA 15085 (412) 229-8499 South 28 Bridges Brewery 1597 Washington Pike Suite A20, Bridgeville, PA 15017 412-279-1891 Back Alley Brewing 2975 West Liberty Ave Firewhistle Brewing 107 N 2nd Ave, Elizabeth, PA 15037 Hazelwood Brew House 5007 Lytle St, Pittsburgh, PA 15207 Headley’s Brewing Company 1743 East Railroad St., Heidelberg, PA Chimera Brewing (Coming Soon) 3759 Library Rd., Pittsburgh PA 15234 412-668-3857 Pittsburgh Bottleshop Café and Brewhouse 1597 Washington Pike, Bridgeville, PA 15017 412-279-8191 Spoonwood Brewing Company 5981 Baptist Rd., Pittsburgh, PA 15236 412-833-0333 Truss Brewing Company 42 Old Clairton Rd., Pittsburgh, PA 15236 412-808-1070 West Abjuration Brewing 644 Broadway Ave., McKees Rocks, PA 15136 Mckees Rocks Aurochs Brewing Company 8321 Ohio River Blvd., Emsworth, PA 724-260-8737 Cobblehaus Brewing 1021 Fifth Ave., Coraopolis, PA 15108 412-264-7000 Coraopolis Helicon Brewing 102 Union Ave Oakdale, PA 15071 724-693-4204 Oakdale Lincoln Avenue Brewing 538 Lincoln Ave., Bellevue, PA 15202 412-212-6363 Related Blog Posts 13 Awesome Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Learn More Pittsburgh: A Craft Beverage Destination Learn More Pittsburgh’s Welcoming Craft Beverage Scene Learn More Insider’s Guide to Three Rivers Beer Week 2025 Learn More Featured Save City Brew Tours Pittsburgh 1247 Smallman St. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 Details Open in Google Maps Map City Brew Tours Pittsburgh 1247 Smallman St. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (412) 419-2337 Details Website Save Penn Brewery 800 Vinial St. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212 Details Open in Google Maps Map Penn Brewery 800 Vinial St. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15212 (412) 237-9400 Details Website Save The Church Brew Works 3525 Liberty Ave. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15201 Details Open in Google Maps Map The Church Brew Works 3525 Liberty Ave. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15201 (412) 688-8200 Details Website Save Hofbräuhaus Pittsburgh 2705 S. Water St. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15203 Details Open in Google Maps Map Hofbräuhaus Pittsburgh 2705 S. Water St. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15203 (412) 224-2328 Details Website This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Distilleries & Wineries | Find Local Craft Beverages | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Wineries & Distilleries Discover and explore Pittsburgh's unique drinking history! In 1794, the Whiskey Rebellion was in full force because of farmers rebelling against the whisky task which in return made western Pennsylvania a hub for a lot of distilleries during that time. This changed when prohibition came into effect where it made it illegal to produce and sell alcohol. Fast forward to the year 2000, when the whole state of Pennsylvania had only one distillery. Today, there are around 70 in the state with more than a dozen of those located in Allegheny County. Follow this handy map on where to find Pittsburgh spirits, pre-mixed cocktails, wine, cider, mead and more! Pittsburgh Distilleries Maggie’s Farm Distilling 3212A Smallman Street – Pittsburgh, PA 15201 412-709-6480 Wigle Whiskey Distillery 2401 Smallman Street – Pittsburgh, PA 15222 412-224-2827 Kingfly Spirits 2613 Smallman Street 1521 412-392-8928 Pennsylvania Pure Distilleries 1101 William Flynn Hwy, Old Glenshaw Glass Factory –Glenshaw, PA 15116 412-486-8666 Lawrenceville Distilling Co. 540 Harrison Street – Pittsburgh, PA 15201 412-945-0845 Pittsburgh Libations 2103 Penn Avenue – Pittsburgh, PA 15222 412-918-1208 Quantum Spirits 230 East Main Street, Suite 200 – Canergie, PA 15106 412-314-1853 Bella Bambini Distillery 1042 5th Ave. – Coraopolis, PA 15108 412-953-7682 Crooked Creek Distillery 4707 Liberty Ave - Pittsburgh, PA 724-633-2043 Lucky Sign Spirits Distillery 50 Oak Road - Gibsonia, PA 15044 412-436-9413 McLaughlin Distillery 3799 Blackburn Rd - Sewickley, PA 15143 315-486-1372 Noire Distillery 3908 Penn Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15224 TLC Libations 7800 Susquehanna St, Pittsburgh, PA 15208 412-256-8661 Still Mill Distillery 2033 Noble St, Swissvale, PA 15218 412-568-3448 Pittsburgh Wineries, Meaderies & Cideries Pittsburgh Winery 2815 Penn Ave. – Pittsburgh, PA 15222 412-566-1000 Pennsylvania Wine Cellar 241 West Bridge Street – Homestead, PA 15120 412-462-4646 R Wine Cellar - Pittsburgh Urban Winery 2014 Smallman Street – Pittsburgh, PA 15222 412-562-9463 Refucilo Winery 907 Western Ave. – Pittsburgh, PA 15233 412-251-0231 Kavic Winery 1013 Campbells Run Road – Carnegie, PA 15106 412-279-9463 Arsenal Cider House & Wine Cellar 300 39th Street – Pittsburgh, PA 15201 412-682-7699 2905 W Liberty Ave - Pittsburgh, PA 15216 412-403-6174 Apis Mead & Winery 212 East Main Street – Carnegie, PA 15106 412-478-9172 Engine House 25 Winery 3337 Penn Avenue – Pittsburgh, PA 15201 412-621-1268 Dreadnought Wines 3401 Liberty Ave – Pittsburgh, PA 15202 412-391-1709 Narcisi Winery 4578 Gibsonia Road – Gibsonia, PA 15044 721-444-4744 KingView Meadhouse & Winery 101 Beverly Road, Mt. Lebanon, PA 15216 412-388-1990 Share Your Story On Social #LOVEPGH Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Related Blog Posts Cooking and Beverage Classes in the Strip District Looking for something interesting to do with dad this Father's Day? Venture to the Strip District for a cooking or… Details Pittsburgh’s Welcoming Craft Beverage Scene Highlighting the diverse ownership of the Pittsburgh craft beverage scene Details Craft Cocktails & Wine in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh boasts a collection of elbow-bending craft cocktail spots. Yes that’s correct - craft cocktails! Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Farmers Markets & U-Pick Farms | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Farms & Farmers Markets Pittsburgh Area Farmers' Markets and U-Pick Farms Pittsburgh food has always been rooted in tradition and fresh off the farm. As a result, farmers' markets are a well established part of Pittsburgh culture. There are more farmers' markets and community gardens per capita in Pittsburgh than in most U.S. metropolitan areas. In season, you can find one just about every day of the week in different neighborhoods. Whether it's a church parking lot, a sidewalk stand, or a tent off the side of the road, these markets sell local farm fresh produce, eggs, cheese, homemade baked goods, jams and honey. Some farmers' markets even sell Amish-made wood furniture and rugs. For a complete list of Pittsburgh area farmers' markets, click here . U-Pick Farms in Pittsburgh If you want to get a little closer to your food, try harvesting your own produce at Pittsburgh area U-Pick Farms . You'll get some exercise as well as a great big bunch of fresh produce you picked yourself. Visiting a u-pick farm is a great family experience that is both fun and educational. There's something about harvesting your own food that makes you appreciate it more. Many U-Pick farms also have on-site stores selling other ready-to-go products from their farm. Community Supported Agriculture in Pittsburgh Many Pittsburgh area residents enter in to a more formal agreement with local farmers to ensure their seasonal supply of farm fresh products; including farm fresh beef and other meats. This is a relatively new and growing trend called, Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) . These agreements, and the products offered, vary by farm and help local families enjoy a variety of farm fresh products while providing local farmers a profitable outlet for their harvest. In This Section 2025 Guide to Pittsburgh Farmers Markets Shop fresh, locally-grown foods at these Pittsburgh farmers markets Learn More 10 U‑Pick Farms & Orchards Even city folk can try their hand at farming at a u-pick farm, where you'll get… Learn More Pittsburgh’s CSAs Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) is a relatively modern, yet exotic strategy created to keep small, family-run… Learn More Pittsburgh Farm Fresh Meats Unless you're a vegetarian, you may be wondering, "Where's the meat?" Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Trip Planning | Maps, Weather & Visitors Guide | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Plan Your Trip Start planning your next adventure in Pittsburgh. Find the resources you need right here to travel safely and to a getaway like no other. Request or download the Official Visitors Guide to find all of the city's must-sees as well as other helpful planning tips. Be sure to explore our #LovePGH blogs for even more inspiration. Sign up for the monthly e-newsletter to stay up-to-dat on what’s happening in Pittsburgh and be sure to follow us on Instagram and Facebook for expert advice and travel ideas. Check other important information to help plan your trip like our Accessibility Guide , LGBTQ-friendly travel information , college campus particulars and medical tourism and tech tourism details. For more information email info@visitpittsburgh.com or call us at 1-877-LOVEPGH. Pittsburgh Insider’s Guide Get your one-stop guide for everything to see and do in Pittsburgh. Learn More Pittsburgh See & Do Guide Sept.-Dec. 2025 This seasonal guide showcases Pittsburgh's attractions, dining and shopping and provides at-a-glance event information happening during your stay. Built by a rich history, Pittsburgh's cultural offerings and welcoming people make our vibrant city a must-see destination. Details ​Get out and explore all that Pittsburgh has to offer! Details Canines (and felines) rejoice in Pittsburgh! Details ​Thinking of attending college in Pittsburgh? Details Pittsburgh is a great city to visit, but especially for senior travelers exploring without children. Details ​Welcome to Pittsburgh! Details Get all the information you need about accessibility for your trip to Pittsburgh, find transportation, parking, medical services and much more. Details Transportation ​There are many ways to get around Pittsburgh... car, bus, taxi, bike, pedicab, boat or your own two feet! Details Weather You can enjoy all four seasons in Pittsburgh. Details Welcome Centers Visit any one of our VisitPITTSBURGH Welcome Centers in the Greater Pittsburgh region. Details Newsletter Signup Want the scoop on Pittsburgh events and special offers? Learn More Things to Do A City of Multitudes Learn More Hotels & Resorts No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. Learn More Contact VisitPITTSBURGH View our complete directory of staff listings for VisitPITTSBURGH. Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Official Pittsburgh Travel Guide | Visit Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Get your one-stop guide for everything to see and do in Pittsburgh. Get inspired for your next safe getaway to Pittsburgh with our 2025 Pittsburgh Insider's Guide. Discover local favorites and only-in-Pittsburgh attractions, learn more about the city’s art and music communities, explore the region’s pet-friendly offerings, plan for the perfect outdoor excursion and so much more. And, as you flip through our engaging magazine, follow the targeted QR codes back to VisitPITTSBURGH.com, where you will learn even more about Pittsburgh’s fantastic offerings. 2025 Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Request the 2025 Guide! Just published! Sign up below to have the new 2025 Pittsburgh Insider's Guide sent to you! Pittsburgh See & Do Guide Sept-Dec 2025 Welcome to Pittsburgh, a city of endless possibilities! Make the most of your trip! Explore our 90 unique neighborhoods, discover incredible restaurants and breweries, and experience our must-see attractions. Your perfect long weekend starts here. Authentic Experiences Top Free Things to Do in Pittsburgh ​Who said you have to spend money to have a good time? Learn More Family Fun Learn More Tours & Sightseeing ​However you like to roll, Pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. Learn More Outdoor Adventure The Ultimate Urban Excursion Awaits! Learn More Arts & Culture Pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant… Learn More Museums From history, art, science, sports and more, Pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored. Learn More Shopping Calling all shopaholics! Learn More Events & Festivals ​There's always something happening in Pittsburgh. Learn More Hotels & Resorts No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Learn More Related Blog Posts Homewood is Home There is no limit to the joy one can feel with the support of their community. Details French Fries and Five Year Olds Nothing gives a grandma more pleasure than feeding her baby’s baby! Details 5 Spectacular Stops along the Great Allegheny Passage The Great Allegheny Passage is a 150-mile trail offering spectacular bicycling adventures that starts right in Downtown Pittsburgh Details Black-owned Businesses in Pittsburgh Support Black-owned businesses in Pittsburgh. Details What’s Cooking Pittsburgh From chef-driven dishes to new restaurant offerings, Pittsburgh has built a reputation as a foodie city. Details Pittsburgh’s Arts Scene Pittsburgh’s arts community has been an integral part of the city for years, with the legacy of former visionaries such… Details Pittsburgh’s Must-See Murals From portraits of Pittsburgh legends to community-created masterpieces, there are so many incredible murals to discover in Pittsburgh. Details Pittsburgh’s Music Scene Pittsburgh's music scene is full of talented artists you don't want to miss! Details 13 Obscure & Unusual Pittsburgh Stops Explore the off-the-beaten path and uncover the obscure side of Pittsburgh. Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Group Tours | Meeting Planning | Plan Pittsburgh, PA | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Group Tour The Pittsburgh region is full of great tour experiences for groups of all types. From scenic vistas to award-winning culinary scene, renowned arts and cultural offerings to celebrated sports teams, the 'Burgh has something for everyone. Bring your group to Pittsburgh to see what everyone's talking about! GET TO KNOW PITTSBURGH PLANNING RESOURCES STEP-ON GUIDES Get to Know Pittsburgh ARTS & CULTURE The vibrant arts and culture scene is alive and thriving in Pittsburgh. Explore Culture OUTDOOR RECREATION The best ways to explore Pittsburgh is to take to our streets or rivers to experience its natural beauty and unique terrain. Outdoor Adventure FOOD & BEVERAGE Taste farm-to-table flavors from award-winning chefs. Details HISTORY & HERITAGE Pittsburgh was called the "Gateway to the West" from its earliest days as a frontier village. Details SPORTS In Pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. Details ANNUAL EVENTS The signature events that make Pittsburgh a destination every year Details BACKGROUNDERS Details WELCOME CENTERS Visit any one of our VisitPITTSBURGH Welcome Centers in the Greater Pittsburgh region. Details Planning Resources Discover the dynamic city of Pittsburgh, a fantastic location for student group visits! Details Pittsburgh offers a rich blend of history, culture, and iconic experiences perfect for any group tour. Details Pittsburgh is a great city to visit, but especially for senior travelers exploring without children. Details ​Thinking of attending college in Pittsburgh? Details No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. Details ​There are many ways to get around Pittsburgh... car, bus, taxi, bike, pedicab, boat or your own two feet! Details Pittsburgh welcomes motorcoach groups, and we want to ensure that you have a safe place to pick up and drop off groups of customers or park a bus. Details Pittsburgh Group Dining: Restaurants for Every Budget and Party Size﻿ Details Come out to play in Southwestern Pennsylvania, where there’s a world of fun waiting in our neighboring counties! Details VisitPITTSBURGH is here to assist members of the travel trade and is proud to welcome tour operators from near and far! Details Pittsburgh Step-On-Guides Save Rivers of Steel 623 East 8th Ave., The Bost Building Homestead, Pennsylvania 15120 Details Open in Google Maps Map Rivers of Steel 623 East 8th Ave., The Bost Building Homestead, Pennsylvania 15120 (412) 464-4020 Details Website Save 'Burgh Bits and Bites Food Tour Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Details Open in Google Maps Map (412) 901-7150 Details Website Save Antique Skyscrapers: Talks & Tours Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Details Open in Google Maps Map (412) 310-1098 Details Website Save Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation 100 W. Station Square Dr., Ste. 450 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219 Details Open in Google Maps Map Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation 100 W. Station Square Dr., Ste. 450 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219 412-471-5808 x 527 Details Website Save Bike the Burgh Tours 1049 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 Details Open in Google Maps Map Bike the Burgh Tours 1049 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (412) 246-9494 Details Website Save Molly's Trolleys Pittsburgh 2524 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 Details Open in Google Maps Map Molly's Trolleys Pittsburgh 2524 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (412) 281-2085 Details Website Group Tour RFP VisitPITTSBURGH is here to assist members of the travel trade and is proud to welcome tour operators from near and far! Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh & Its Countryside | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Come out to play in Southwestern Pennsylvania, where there’s a world of fun waiting in our neighboring counties! Pittsburgh is an easily accessible city with so much to see and do within the 90 neighborhoods and Allegheny County. And, the fun extends beyond our county. Enhance your next visit to the Pittsburgh region with an excursion or two to one of our surrounding counties. 📍Armstrong County Experience Armstrong County, where natural beauty meets small-town charm. Paddle the serene Allegheny River, hike lush trails or enjoy fishing in calm waters. History lovers can visit the Armstrong County Historical Museum, featuring unique exhibits all year. Armstrong County’s mix of outdoor adventure and cultural experiences ensures unforgettable memories at every turn. EXPLORE ARMSTRONG COUNTY >> 📍Beaver County Beaver County is bursting with energy and culture. Witness young artists shine at the Lincoln Park Performing Arts Center, where performances captivate year-round. Thrill-seekers can race at the Pittsburgh International Race Complex, with new events always being added for karting fans. Whether you crave adrenaline or heritage, Beaver County’s lively attractions and festivals will keep you coming back. EXPLORE BEAVER COUNTY >> 📍Butler County Natural wonders and lively events await in Butler County. Moraine State Park offers year-round recreation, while the Big Butler Fair returns in the summer with rides, games and agricultural showcases. For a cozy autumn experience, check out the Butler Fall Festival, where local artisans and classic car shows bring the community together. Butler County blends adventure and charm perfectly. EXPLORE BUTLER COUNTY >> 📍Greene County Discover Greene County’s offerings, rich in history and natural beauty. In fact, 2025 marks the 100th anniversary of the Greene County Historical Society, a 52-room museum dedicated to preserving the county's rich rural heritage. Don't forget to visit Lippencott Alpacas, a family-owned farm spanning four generations. With over 20 alpacas on-site, the farm offers group tours and a variety of alpaca fiber products for sale. Celebrate a quirky tradition at the annual Rain Day Festival in the summer, blending live music with crafts and festivities. Greene County offers an unforgettable mix of history, fun and community spirit. EXPLORE GREENE COUNTY >> 📍Indiana County Indiana County blends its Hollywood legacy with outdoor excitement. Visit the Jimmy Stewart Museum for film screenings and memorabilia exhibits celebrating the hometown icon. Lace up for the Ghost Town Trail Marathon this summer, offering scenic routes and a challenge for runners. In the fall, embrace autumn at the Smicksburg Pumpkin Festival, featuring pumpkin carving, crafts and Amish goods. Indiana County invites you to immerse yourself in its rich culture and natural beauty. EXPLORE INDIANA COUNTY >> 📍Laurel Highlands The Laurel Highlands promises unforgettable adventures. Explore Fallingwater, Frank Lloyd Wright’s architectural masterpiece, or tour Polymath Park’s Wright-designed homes. Immerse yourself in history at the Flight 93 National Memorial, or enjoy live music at the Laurel Highlands Bluegrass Festival. Discover the region’s breathtaking beauty on iconic scenic trails perfect for hiking, biking and outdoor recreation. From cultural landmarks to outdoor thrills, the Laurel Highlands offers something extraordinary for every visitor. EXPLORE THE LAUREL HIGHLANDS >> 📍Lawrence County Lawrence County combines history, craftsmanship and natural beauty. Explore McConnells Mill State Park, home to boulder-lined trails and a historic gristmill. The annual McConnells Mill Heritage Festival brings blacksmithing demos and mill tours. Cap your visit with a guided Amish Countryside Tour, showcasing farms and markets for fresh goods and handmade items. Lawrence County’s charm is unforgettable. EXPLORE LAWRENCE COUNTY >> 📍Monroeville Monroeville offers a perfect mix of adventure and history. In April, the Spring Home & Garden Show at the Monroeville Mall inspires home improvement dreams, while in June, the mall is the location of the annual The Living Dead Weekend featuring cast appearances and exhibits. Year round, explore Boyce Park, where hiking, biking and winter skiing await. Whether you’re into arts, horror classics or outdoor fun, Monroeville makes an ideal escape. EXPLORE MONROEVILLE >> 📍Washington County Entertainment and heritage shine in Washington County. Try your luck at Hollywood Casino at The Meadows, offering table games, slots, horse racing and concerts. In August, the Washington County Agricultural Fair delights with tractor pulls, carnival rides and local food. The annual Covered Bridge Festival celebrates the county’s 23 historic bridges with vendors and live music. Visit the Pennsylvania Trolley Museum for a nostalgic ride through transportation history. EXPLORE WASHINGTON COUNTY >> Related Blog Posts Guide to Frank Lloyd Wright’s Fallingwater Take a tour of Fallingwater while you're in Pittsburgh! Details White Water Rafting in Ohiopyle Ohiopyle State Park spans 20,500 acres of the Laurel Highlands and offers adventure and excitement. Details Historical Sites to Visit It’s no secret that Pittsburgh has been an influential city for centuries, and the evidence can be found all around… Details Pittsburgh Fall Festivals 2025 Guide Colorful foliage. Crisp air. Pumpkins. What's not to love about Fall? Details The Essential Gardens to Visit in Pittsburgh If you’ve got french fries on your deli sandwich and the folks around you can correctly pronounce Monongahela, you’re probably… Details Apple Picking & Pumpkin Patches: Day Trips from Pittsburgh for Fall Fun The air is getting crispy and the sunsets are getting earlier. Are you ready for fall? Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Transportation | Getting Around | Visit Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Transportation ​There are many ways to get around Pittsburgh... car, bus, taxi, bike, pedicab, boat or your own two feet! We have the tips and information you need to get around town . Pittsburgh is featured on Google Transit. This partnership with the Pittsburgh Regional Transit allows visitors to search for public transportation routes using interactive Google Maps technology. Pittsburgh Regional Transit is the public transit agency for the Greater Pittsburgh area, providing bus, light rail, incline and paratransit service to thousands of riders daily. Flying? You're going to love Pittsburgh International Airport . PIT, in airport parlance, is a growing world-class facility that serves more than 8 million passengers annually and offers flights to more than 50 nonstop destinations on multiple carriers. Where is Pittsburgh? Pittsburgh is located in Southwestern Pennsylvania, where the the Ohio, Allegheny, and Monongahela Rivers meet. Pittsburgh is about 45 miles east from the Ohio border and about 300 miles west of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Use the map below to route out your trip, plan your must-see stops and navigate our city like a pro! Driving Distances + Travel Times to Pittsburgh Pittsburgh is within 500 miles of nearly half the U.S. population and less than a 90-minute flight from nearly half of North America's population. It's under 6 hours by car or train to 10 states, Washington, D.C., and Canada.: City Distance Flight Time Drive Time Erie 126 miles 40 minutes 2.5 hours Cleveland 129 miles 40 minutes 2.5 hours Baltimore 218 miles 1 hour 4.5 hours Washington, DC 221 miles 1 hour 5 hours Cincinnati 295 miles 1 hour 6 hours Philadelphia 295 miles 1 hour 6 hours Toronto 324 miles 1.25 hours 6 hours New York 368 miles 1.25 hours 7 hours Chicago 452 miles 80 minutes 8 hours Boston 593 miles 1.5 hours 10 hours St. Paul 849 miles 2.25 hours 15 hours Omaha 891 miles 2.5 hours 16 hours Miami 1168 miles 3 hours 21 hours Dallas 1228 miles 3 hours 23 hours Seattle 2006 miles 5 hours 44 hours Phoenix 2118 miles 4.5 hours 40 hours Los Angeles 2445 miles 5 hours 48 hours San Francisco 2587 miles 5.5 hours 50 hours Travel Advice Stay up-to-date with current travel information on VisitPITTSBURGH.com or call (412) 281-7711, Toll Free (877) 568-3744. If you’ve just arrived at Pittsburgh International Airport, stop by our Welcome Center at the Baggage Claim area. In town for a meeting or event? Our Welcome Center inside the David L. Lawrence Convention Center is also open on select dates for conference attendees. We can’t wait to welcome you to Pittsburgh soon! In This Section Pittsburgh International Airport Pittsburgh is conveniently located within 500 miles of nearly half the U.S. population and less than… Learn More Driving Directions If you are coming to Pittsburgh, PA by car find out the quickest and most efficient… Learn More Around Town Downtown Pittsburgh is a compact area bordered by Grant Street to the east, Penn Avenue to… Learn More Public Transportation Check out these tips and tricks from Pittsburgh Regional Transit about using public transportation in Pittsburgh… Learn More Local Transportation Find local transportation options in Pittsburgh, including limos and taxis. Learn More Cab Services Browse through these listings for shuttles and taxi services to find the best way to get… Learn More Authentic Experiences Things to Do A City of Multitudes Details Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Details Hotels & Resorts No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Explore Black Culture & Heritage | Only in Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Explore Black Culture & Heritage Built by a rich history, Pittsburgh's cultural offerings and welcoming people make our vibrant city a must-see destination. Pittsburgh welcomes all those who are seeking authentic, personalized experiences to discover the diversity of the city and celebrate what makes our 90 neighborhoods unique. When you take the time to walk Pittsburgh’s neighborhoods or enjoy one of the city’s many cultural festivals, you quickly learn that it is the people of Pittsburgh that truly make this a special place. Black-owned Businesses From restaurants and bars to shops, art, events and wellness, you won't want to miss these local favorites Shop Local Jazz in Pittsburgh Did you know that Pittsburgh had a profound influence on the American musical artform of jazz? Learn More Pittsburgh’s Barrel & Flow Fest Celebrate Black artists, craft brews and the arts at the award-winning Barrel & Flow Fest Aug. 9, 2025 Details Celebrate Juneteenth in Pittsburgh Enjoy four full days of free music, family activities, and community celebration. Details In This Section Black History & Historical Sites Take a journey through more than 200 years of the Black experience in Southwestern Pennsylvania. Learn More The Underground Railroad The Underground Railroad was undoubtedly one of the most significant forms of activism in our nation's… Learn More Pittsburgh – the Fort Knox of Jazz In the 21st century era of world music, it is imperative that America's most important cultural… Learn More August Wilson African American Cultural Center August Wilson African American Cultural Center champions artists and programs that reflect universal issues of identity… Learn More Heinz History Center Welcome To The Smithsonian's Home in Pittsburgh Learn More Related Blog Posts Pittsburgh With a Mix of Culture & Flavor Historically, Pittsburgh has always contributed to the fostering of Black cultural excellence. Details Insider’s Guide: August Wilson: The Writer’s Landscape Explore the August Wilson African American Cultural Center's first permanent exhibition dedicated to the life and legacy of Pittsburgh’s favorite… Details Homewood is Home There is no limit to the joy one can feel with the support of their community. Details Pittsburgh Celebrates Black History For more than 200 years, Southwestern Pennsylvania has been impacted by the achievements and influence of the Black community Details Make it a Weekend: A Pittsburgh Black-Owned Itinerary Support Black-owned Businesses, Explore Historic Neighborhoods and Celebrate Black Art Details Pittsburgh Exhibits Personify the Black Travel Experience Explore the extraordinary exhibits that amplify stories of empowerment, celebration, and the profound legacy of Black travel that shaped communities… Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh | Travel Tips and Information | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh ​Get out and explore all that Pittsburgh has to offer! From a vibrant arts and culture scene, outdoor adventures, rich history, a fantastic food scene and so much more – you’ll find plenty of welcoming and inclusive things to see and do. From a vibrant arts and culture scene, outdoor adventures, rich history, a fantastic food scene and so much more – you’ll find plenty of welcoming and inclusive things to see and do. Stay a While Pittsburgh is home to a number of TAG Approved® hotels offering fantastic accommodations. Whether you’re looking to stay Downtown or in the neighborhoods, amenities range from lush, boutique-style rooms to rooftop Biergartens. It’s safe to say Pittsburgh has you covered – quite comfily may we add. Get Out and Play! Pittsburgh is home to a thriving arts and culture and scene. A visit to The Andy Warhol Museum is a must. Explore decades of artworks and collections of the Pittsburgh-native Andy Warhol, who openly expressed his queer identity and life in art. And, be sure to make time to explore the Mattress Factory , a unique, contemporary art museum that features site-specific installations, like the late Greer Lankton’s It’s all about ME, Not You. Lankton is remembered for eloquently exploring and questioning the norms of gender and sexuality. Be Seen! Reel Q produces events and film screenings throughout the year, including the flagship annual festival, Reel Q: Pittsburgh LGBTQ+ Film Festival. The organization’s mission is to increase availability and accessibility of queer film in Pittsburgh and the surrounding areas. Dine Out! There’s no shortage of fantastic restaurants in Pittsburgh, too. From quick bites in local favorite spots to delicious meals with breathtaking skyline views, you’ve got your choice of delectable picks. Make sure you schedule a stop in East Liberty to check out Square Café , a colorful café known for tasty and creative breakfast, brunch and lunch offerings in a super welcoming space. In This Section LGBTQIA+ Resources Offering a wide variety of events and things to do. Pittsburgh, PA has great central locations… Learn More TAG Approved Hotels ​Pittsburgh's many hotels offer luxury and convenience to some of the city's best cultural treasures. Learn More Things to Do A City of Multitudes Learn More Nightlife Now for the after party! Learn More Restaurants Pittsburgh, a city known for its culinary creations! Learn More Related Blogs Insider’s Guide: The Andy Warhol Museum Safely experience Pop Art icon Andy Warhol's artwork at The Andy Warhol Museum. Details Unexpected Arts Discover unique art venues in Pittsburgh, including The Andy Warhol Museum and Mattress Factory. Details 6 Must-See Places in Pittsburgh Add a visit these must-see places to your next Pittsburgh adventure! Details Pittsburgh’s Hidden Gems Looking for a uniquely Pittsburgh experience that is really out of the ordinary? Details 13 Obscure & Unusual Pittsburgh Stops Explore the off-the-beaten path and uncover the obscure side of Pittsburgh. Details Pittsburgh Pride 2025 Pittsburgh Pride returns May 30 - June 1, 2025 Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pet-friendly Travel | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pet-friendly Travel Canines (and felines) rejoice in Pittsburgh! Whether you adopted a new furry friend or strengthened your bond with your best bud, this last year has given many of us extra time to enjoy our pets. And, there’s no need to let a much-needed getaway break that bond. With a variety of pet-friendly accommodations, incredible activities and delicious dining options, Pittsburgh is the perfect city for you and your four-legged friend. Pack your bags and your pup for an awesome adventure in Pittsburgh. Where to Stay Did you know that Pittsburgh has a wide selection of pet-friendly hotels ? That’s right! With more than 40 hotels in the region ready to welcome you and your best furry friends, there are plenty of options to choose from. Whether you’re looking for a luxury stay Downtown or a relaxing spot in one of Pittsburgh’s 90 unique neighborhoods, we’ve got you comfortably covered! Where to Eat and Drink Bring your shaggy sidekick along to experience the sites and bites of the city. Located in the South Side, Double Wide Grill features a large outdoor seating section that is a hub for dogs and dog lovers. The restaurant offers vegan and vegetarian options and even a doggie menu. In the heart of Lawrenceville, Walter’s Southern Kitchen serves up mouth-watering BBQ in a picnic-themed outdoor area. Redfin Blues is another delicious, pet-friendly restaurant with riverfront views and easy access to riverfront bike trails. Be sure to add a visit to one of the many Pittsburgh craft breweries offering outdoor, pet-friendly patios and seating areas. Located on the North Side, Allegheny City Brewing is a neighborhood brewery with an outdoor seating area and food trucks daily. Stop by Grist House Craft Brewery in Millvale for a welcoming, family run brewery with flavorful and unique beers. A little further outside the city is Inner Groove Brewing , featuring rotating taps, vinyl spinning tunes and a great back patio for the dogs. Follow our Pittsburgh pup ambassador Ace on Instagram @AcePGHAdvenutres for more pup-friendly fun and tips for your next visit to Pittsburgh! Embark On An Incredible Outdoor Adventure! Featuring more than 180 miles of trails, Pittsburgh is the perfect destination for outdoor walks and adventures with your four-legged friend. From riverfront trails to parks and off-leash areas, your pup is… More Info EmBARK on an incredible outdoor adventure! Featuring more than 180 miles of trails, Pittsburgh is the perfect destination for outdoor walks and adventures with your four-legged friend. From riverfront trails to parks and off-leash areas, your pup is… More Info Find Your Furry Friend Pittsburgh also is a great place to find your new best furry friend. The Humane Animal Rescue Pittsburgh is one of Pennsylvania’s largest nonprofit organizations dedicated to the welfare of animals, pet owners and the community. Plan a visit to adopt or spread the love with a donation. Looking for a Garfield for your Odie? The Black Cat Market , Pittsburgh’s first cat cafe, is another community organization with lovable and adoptable cats – and a purr-fect spot for some pet-therapy! Related Blog Posts Dog-Friendly Hotels in Pittsburgh Some Pittsburgh hotels treat your four legged friend like royalty. Details Dog Friendly Restaurants and Bars in Pittsburgh There are so many places for you to enjoy some good food and delicious drinks with your best friend by… Details A Dog’s Day in Pittsburgh Enjoy these PAW-some Travel Tips from Ace, the Pittsburgh Adventure Dog for when you plan your next visit! Details Rediscover Pittsburgh on a Roadtrip With Your Dog We invite you and your favorite furry pup friends to experience Pittsburgh! Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Planning College Visits to Pittsburgh | Campus Tours | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona College Visits ​Thinking of attending college in Pittsburgh? Coming for a campus visit? Look no further for information on hotel accommodations , restaurants and events to make your stay hassle-free and successful. Every campus has dorms and classrooms and activities. For a truly unique learning experience, visit Pittsburgh's rich arts , cultural , historical and outdoor attractions. Pittsburgh is home to many n" world-class educational institutions , including Carnegie Mellon University, the University of Pittsburgh, Duquesne University, La Roche, Point Park University, Robert Morris University and Chatham University among others. Tips to help you make the most of your campus visit: Make an appointment - confirm college tour times and interviews. Book your travel in advance - visitpittsburgh.com offers information on hotels, restaurants, events, coupons and more. Allow enough time - spend at least a half day at each school you're interested in attending. Create an itinerary - budget your time and create a plan. Plan something special - leave time for fun! Go to a ball game or on a hike, have dinner Downtown, see a show. Remain objective Interview the school. Relax, be yourself and come up with a good list of questions. Get lost - venture to where the action is. Talk to students. Attend a class. Get a true sense of the personality and offerings of the school. Take good notes and lots of photos Study the region - half of your education will happen outside the classroom and off-campus. Be realistic - seek comfort, not perfection. Authentic Experiences Colleges & Universities Learn More College Sports Learn More Neighborhoods Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Senior Travel | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Senior Travel Pittsburgh is a great city to visit, but especially for senior travelers exploring without children. It’s a very drivable city if you have a car. Or, you can easily order an Uber or Lyft if you arrived by Amtrak. Best of all, parking is plentiful around your favorite spots. If you love art and museums, this is your town. The Andy Warhol Museum on the North Shore reflects the Pittsburgh-born artist’s life with an eccentric artistic touch. Make sure you catch a glimpse of one of his most famous pieces, Campbell’s Soup Cans. You also can view many of his personal items, including a collection of wigs. Head across town to The Frick Pittsburgh in Point Breeze to enjoy a legacy of art, history and nature. The Car and Carriage Museum , included in The Frick’s free admission, is a ride through history. Plan accordingly so you can take your time and enjoy a leisurely stroll through the mansion, the museum and garden areas. Up for more walking? Make sure you include a visit to the Strip District where you’ll find a variety of shopping, including lots of black and gold merchandise, eclectic food and restaurant offerings and gift shops. Be on the lookout for The Strip Mural by artists Carley Parris and Shannon Pultz – it’s easily viewed on Penn Ave. For those wishing to savor all the flavors of the Strip District – or a handful of other Pittsburgh neighborhoods – consider booking a walking food tour with ‘Burgh Bits & Bites . Sports fans are in luck in Pittsburgh! The city is home to several professional teams, including the Pittsburgh Steelers , Pittsburgh Pirates and Pittsburgh Penguins , and the locals are fanatical for their favorite sports teams . You can find a large area devoted to the teams at the Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum, located inside the Senator John Heinz History Museum . The Heinz History Museum pays tribute to more than the local sports teams. Here, you can learn so much about one of Pittsburgh’s most famous citizens, Mister Rogers, a national treasure. Find his monogrammed house slippers and one of his beloved red cardigans. The museum also is full of American history following the democracy of the country. When your legs need a respite from walking, rest assured there are several more relaxing ways to see the city. Book a tour on Molly’s Trolleys Pittsburgh . Not only will you visit several neighborhoods and see many of the city’s popular sites, but thanks to the fantastic tour guides, you also will learn a bit of regional history. One such nugget learned on a recent trip - ketchup wasn’t the first Heinz product produced; bottled horseradish was! Ride the Duquesne Incline up to the Mount Washington neighborhood for a spectacular view of the city. A quick ride back down will drop you off in the South Side neighborhood. Pittsburgh is widely known for its three rivers. Tour the city by water aboard the Gateway Clipper Fleet . Sit back and relax on the Three Rivers Sightseeing Cruise, which allows visitors a close view of the Downtown skyline and several of the city’s 446 bridges. And, the sunset cruises are a great option for a romantic night out. Speaking of those bridges, many of them are easily walkable, connecting Downtown to several of Pittsburgh’s 90 unique neighborhoods. In fact, the Sixth Street Bridge, commonly known as the Clemente Bridge, directly takes you from Downtown to PNC Park, home of the Pirates. Consider extending your Pittsburgh visit with a daytrip to the Laurel Highlands , where you can visit two of Frank Lloyd Wright’s most iconic homes, Fallingwater and Kentuck Knob . Visiting these residences is like stepping back in time, as the décor reflects the decade each house was built. When available, make sure you book a guided tour, as they provide an insider’s look at Mr. Wright’s thought processes, as well as the homeowners’. Visitors have their pick of comfortable lodging options in Pittsburgh, including several that are housed in historical buildings, like the Drury Plaza Hotel Pittsburgh Downtown which is a beautiful renovation of the Federal Reserve Bank building. Many pieces remain from the original bank including vault doors estimated to weigh 34 tons each. The property is located Downtown and within easy walking distance of many attractions, restaurants and Union Station. The Omni William Penn Hotel also makes for a lovely stay. The iconic hotel is home to Lawrence Welk’s original bubble machine. Plus, it’s also where Bob Hope proposed to his wife, Delores. Pittsburgh is a walkable city that offers visitors a chance to see spectacular sights, gain incredible knowledge at spectacular museums and attractions and indulge in tasty treats at their own pace. Make sure a visit to the City of Bridges is on your travel list soon! Contributing Author Rosemary Palmer is the owner and author of My Home and Travels blog. A resident of Chattanooga, Tennessee, she enjoys traveling to new places and lists discovering local places, such as bakeries, coffee shops and museums, as highlights of any trip. Rosemary’s blog is built like a home economics class – there’s a little food, home and lifestyle mixed with travel. Related Blog Posts The Essential Gardens to Visit in Pittsburgh If you’ve got french fries on your deli sandwich and the folks around you can correctly pronounce Monongahela, you’re probably… Details Historical Sites to Visit It’s no secret that Pittsburgh has been an influential city for centuries, and the evidence can be found all around… Details This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Medical Travel to Pittsburgh, PA | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Medical Travel ​Welcome to Pittsburgh! For individuals and families traveling to Pittsburgh for medical reasons, whether for treatment or procedures, Pittsburgh is a caring place with high quality health care in abundance. We realize that you must have a lot on your mind. The last thing that you need to be concerned with is where to stay , how to get around or even just how to stay busy . We hope you are as comfortable as you possibly can be and, while this may not be your permanent home, we consider you our new neighbors. If you are here for an extended stay or just need some time away from the hospital, feel free to explore all Pittsburgh has to offer, from Family Fun and Sporting Events to a night at the theater or a Gallery Crawl . Get More Information For more information on Pittsburgh and the products and services you may need, during your visit don't hesitate to contact us. Just call 1-877-LOVE PGH (1-877-568-3744). We'll do our best to make you feel at ease in your temporary home-away-from-home. In This Section Hospitals These are some of the Pittsburgh region's hospital facilities that you may consider for your medical… Learn More Places to Stay for Medical Travel If you are planning to stay in the Pittsburgh area during your medical testing, treatment or… Learn More Temporary Housing These facilities offer services to families traveling to Pittsburgh to get life-saving medical care for their… Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

The Pittsburgh Accessibility Guide | Information & Questions | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Accessibility Guide Get all the information you need about accessibility for your trip to Pittsburgh, find transportation, parking, medical services and much more. General Information and Questions VisitPITTSBURGH Visitor Services Representative Toll-free: 877.568.3744 Email: info@visitpittsburgh.com Contact us if you need any additional information, or help with your travel planning. Pittsburgh Response Line Phone: 311 Use this telephone number to contact City of Pittsburgh offices with nonurgent questions. Transportation and Parking Pittsburgh International Airport Phone: 412.472.3700 Airport services for people with disabilities include reserved parking spaces, public telephones for the hearing impaired, visual paging services on the flight information display screens, and wheelchair or porter service (arrange by contacting your airline or by stopping at an airport information desk). Pittsburgh Regional Transit (PRT) Phone: 412.442.2000 This organization provides public transportation throughout Allegheny County via buses, the T light rail system and the Monongahela Incline. All PRT stations, bus and rail vehicles, and the Incline are ADA-compliant. Bus lifts or ramps and kneelers can be found on most PRT buses. VETaxi Phone: 412.481.8387 Vetaxi offers the MV1 a Universal Designed Accessible Transportation Vehicle that can take you to and from the airport and all around town! Veteran driven, VETaxi has an APP to down load on Google Play and itunes. Go to VETaxi and watch where your taxi is as it picks you up. ZTrip Phone: 412.777.7777 zTrip is the app that gets you either a black car or taxi. You can book for now or later and there is never any surge pricing. Other Resources: For Allegheny County residents, ACCESS Transportation Systems may also be available. Sponsored by Pittsburgh Regional Transit, ACCESS provides shared, door-to-door rides for people with disabilities. Services are provided by advance reservation and may require an application process. Reach them by phone at : 412.562.5353 Parking in Downtown Pittsburgh and City Neighborhoods This Downtown Parking Map shows van accessible garages. This webpage lists accessible meters and reserved lot spaces in Pittsburgh city neighborhoods. Medical Services The Center for Women with Disabilities at Magee-Women Hospital of UPMC Phone: 412.641.4030 Specializing in women's health, the center features equipment that is specially designed to make health care fully accessible for women with disabilities. MedExpress MedExpress is an urgent care clinic with multiple locations in the Pittsburgh area. Open daily. No appointment needed. Medico Phone: 412.721.8325 Medico is a concierge medical service that provides on-location, short-term care for temporary workers, visitors or dignitaries to the Pittsburgh area. Patients are seen at work, hotels, meetings or wherever they may be located. MinuteClinic Minute Clinic is an urgent care clinic located in several CVS pharmacies in the Pittsburgh region. Open daily. No appointment needed. Take Care Clinic Take Care Clinic is an urgent care clinic located in several Walgreens pharmacies in the Pittsburgh region. Open daily. No appointment needed. University of Pittsburgh Dental School Center for Patients with Special Needs Phone: 412-648-3039 Provides diagnostic services, routine prevention and restorative dentistry. UPMC Health System Phone: 412.605.1483 Toll-free: 800.533.8762 UPMC is a system of hospitals, doctors' offices, and outpatient sites in the Pittsburgh region. For accessibility information, contact UPMC Disabilities Resource Center by sending an email to disabilitiesresource@upmc.edu , or calling 412.605.1483 . West Penn Allegheny Health System Toll-free: 877.284.2000 This health system includes Allegheny General Hospital and The Western Pennsylvania Hospital, both in Pittsburgh, and four regional hospitals. Mental Health and Substance Abuse Allegheny County Substance Abuse Management Phone: 412.350.3328 TTY/TDD: 412.350.3467 Call the after-hours access telephone number or see this website for a directory of substance abuse services in the Pittsburgh area. Mental Health Emergencies For emergency mental health services, contact a local hospital, such as UPMC Health System or West Penn Allegheny Health System . Warmline Toll-free: 866.661.WARM (9276) Warmline is for people who are not in mental health crisis, but who could benefit from talking with someone who can relate personally to their situation. Blind and Hearing Impaired Blind + Vision Rehabilitation Services of Pittsburgh Phone: 412-368-4400 Blindness prevention education, rehabilitation, training and employment for the blind and vision impaired. Center for Hearing + Deaf Services, Inc. Phone (voice/TTY): 412.281.1375 HDS is southwestern Pennsylvania's only comprehensive service center for people who are deaf or hard of hearing. HDS provides quality diagnostic, rehabilitative and supportive services designed to address problems experienced by children and adults who are deaf or hard of hearing and serves as an information and referral source for this population and the general public. Sign Language Interpreting Professionals Phone: 412-400-2021 Provides certified, registered and highly qualified, American Sign Language interpreters. Western Pennsylvania School for the Blind Phone: 412.621.0100 This school is committed to training visually impaired students with additional disabilities and providing vital early intervention and outreach services to visually impaired students, with or without additional challenges, throughout western Pennsylvania. Western Pennsylvania School for the Deaf Toll-free (voice/TTY): 800.624.3323 This school provides quality educational services and a complete extracurricular program to deaf and hard-of-hearing children from birth through grade 12. Serving over 250 students from more than 100 school districts and thirty counties, WPSD is the largest comprehensive center for deaf education in Pennsylvania. Disability Advocacy Organizations Accessibility Development Associates, Inc. Phone (voice/TDD): 412.471.4156 This Pittsburgh-based national consulting firm specializes in the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other accessibility-related laws. The ADA Compliance Officer''s Office Phone: 412.255.2102 The ADA Compliance Officer is responsible for ensuring that all programs, services and activities provided by the City of Pittsburgh are accessible to people with disabilities. The Allegheny Link to Aging and Disability Resources Toll-free: 866.730.2368 TTY: 412.350.5205 This resource provides information about services available to help people with disabilities maintain their independence, dignity and quality of life. The Disability Connection Toll-free: 877.755.5222 The Allegheny County Department of Human Services has created The Disability Connection to help coordinate efforts to improve services to people with disabilities. The Disability Rights Network of Pennsylvania Phone: 412.391.5225 This statewide, non-profit corporation is designated as the federally mandated organization to advance and protect the civil rights of adults and children with disabilities. FISA Foundation Phone: 412.456.5550 This foundation provides grants to non-profit organizations in southwestern Pennsylvania that improve the lives of people with disabilities. United Way of Allegheny County HelpLine and Help Connections Phone: 412.255.1155 This online database features an extensive directory of health and human service programs in the Pittsburgh region. Assistive Technology The Center for Assistive Technology Phone: 412.647.1310 Phone (TDD): 412.647.1325 A joint program of UPMC and the University of Pittsburgh, the Center provides assistive technology, including personal mobility seating and positioning systems; augmentative communication devices; audiology services, aural rehabilitation assistive listening and alerting devices, and hearing aids; and specialized computer equipment and software, such as adaptive keyboards, monitors and voice recognition programs. DynaVox Mayer-Johnson Toll-free: 866.DYNAVOX ( 866.396.2869 ) This Pittsburgh company is the leading provider of speech generating devices and symbol-adapted special education software that helps people overcome their speech, language and learning challenges. Quality of Life Technology Center Phone: 412.268.5543 This research center at Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon University creates intelligent systems that enable older adults and people with disabilities to live independently. Symantec Compaction Systems Phone: 412.885.8541 This Pittsburgh company produces Minspeak, an augmentative communication software that incorporates a unique system of icons. Restaurants On request, restaurant staff will read menus for people with visual impairments, provide seating in the best possible lighting, and cut up food before it is served. Most restaurants in the city are accessible for wheelchair users. Call in advance to inquire about accessibility and services. Ask specific questions, such as: Are there stairs at the entrance? Is there a ramp? Are there tables where a wheelchair can be seated? Are there wheelchair-accessible restrooms? Theaters Downtown theaters offer accessible seating, assistive listening devices, wheelchairs and more to help you enjoy the show. Discuss your specific concerns when purchasing tickets. August Wilson Center for African American Culture Tickets: 412-456-6666 Accessibility: 412-258-2700 Theater, dance, music and more. Benedum Center for the Performing Arts Tickets: 412-456-6666 Accessibility: 412-456-2600 Broadway musicals, Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre and more. Byham Theater Tickets: 412-456-6666 Accessibility: 412-456-1350 Concerts, dance, plays and more. Harris Theater Tickets: 412-456-6666 Accessibility: 412-456-1350 Home of Pittsburgh Filmmakers. Heinz Hall Tickets and questions: 412-392-4900 Home of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra. O'Reilly Theater Tickets: 412-456-6666 Accessibility: 412-316-8200 Home of the Pittsburgh Public Theater. Pittsburgh CLO Cabaret Tickets: 412-456-6666 Information: 412-281-3973 Fun-filled musicals. Table or theater seating available. Sports Venues Pittsburgh's sports venues, all built in the last decade, are ADA accessible and feature many conveniences for people with disabilities. Discuss your specific concerns when purchasing tickets. PPG Paints Arena Tickets: 800-745-3000 ADA Inquiries: 412-642-1800 Home of the Pittsburgh Penguins. Heinz Field Steelers Tickets: 412-323-1200 Panthers Tickets: 800-643-PITT (7488) Guest Services: 412-697-7146 Home of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pitt Panthers. PNC Park Tickets and Information: 412-321-BUCS (2827) Accessible Parking: 412-323-4455 Home of the Pittsburgh Pirates. Attractions Near Downtown Following are some of the accessible attractions located near downtown. Discuss your specific concerns when purchasing tickets. The Andy Warhol Museum Phone: 412-237-8300 Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History Phone: 412-622-3131 Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin Science Center Phone: 412-237-3400 Mattress Factory-A Museum of Contemporary Art Phone: 412-231-3169 National Aviary Phone: 412-323-7235 Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens Phone: 412-622-6914 Senator John Heinz History Center Phone: 412-454-6000 Phone (TTY): 412-454-6326 Authentic Experiences About Pittsburgh Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Learn More Hotels & Resorts Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Official Pittsburgh Visitors Centers | Visit Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Welcome Centers Visit any one of our VisitPITTSBURGH Welcome Centers in the Greater Pittsburgh region. The WELCOME PITTSBURGH Welcome Center at Pittsburgh International Airport is open with limited hours. To connect with a Visitor Services Representative, and request hours of operation, please call 877-LovePGH (877-568-3744) or email info@visitpittsburgh.com . You can also click the yellow chat box in the bottom of the screen to connect with our staff via LiveChat. Welcome Pittsburgh Information Center Pittsburgh International Airport Landside Terminal on Baggage Claim level Our Welcome Center provides our guests with informative attraction and event brochures, city maps, restaurant guides, accommodations information and more to help make the most of your Pittsburgh experience. Located at our Partner Attractions All hours are subject to change, please check with our host partners for the most up to date hours of operation. Senator John Heinz History Center 1212 Smallman St., Strip District The Welcome Center at the Duquesne Incline Lower Station: 1197 West Carson St. Upper Station: 1220 Grandview Ave., Mt. Washington Fort Pitt Museum 601 Commonwealth Place, Point State Park, Downtown Golden Triangle Bike Rental (Seasonal) 600 1st Ave., Downtown This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh Neighborhoods Map | Visit Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Neighborhoods ​Pittsburgh is not only defined by its skyline and its sports teams, but also by its 90 vibrant and welcoming neighborhoods. City of Multitudes With 90 charming, unique neighborhoods, Pittsburgh is a city of multitudes that guarantees the perfect place for you to shop, dine, hang out and explore no matter your interests or lifestyle. From the hip and trendy to quiet and secluded, the perfect neighborhood(s) are waiting for you to discover. You'll also love the culture and the friendly feel Pittsburgh's neighborhoods have to offer. The rich history of the city has shaped these neighborhoods into their own distinct personalities. Mt. Washington has the view to beat all views. USA Weekend magazine named it one of the top 10 most beautiful views in the country. In the heart of it all, Downtown gives you your fill of city hustle and bustle, a 14-block Cultural District, public art, extraordinary dining and outdoor parks and plazas. Pittsburgh's neighborhoods are as wonderful and distinctive as its people and they're waiting to welcome you! Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Neighborhood Guides Looking to deep dive into a particular Pittsburgh neighborhood? Read up on our latest in the Neighborhood Guide blog series which consists of detailed looks of what to do, where to eat and the history of some of Pittsburgh's trendiest, important and up-and-coming spots. Check back as new guides are posted each month and this section continues to grow! The Hill District: A Neighborhood Guide The Hill District, which contains the Upper Hill, Middle Hill and Crawford-Roberts neighborhoods, is at an inflection point at the time. Cut off from Downtown since the 1950s, this predominantly Black neighborhood… Discover the Crossroads of the World Mt. Washington: Skylines & Surprises Ascend to spectacular views of our city, discover incredible dining spaces and explore landmarks and parks. More Than a Great View Credit | David DiCello Downtown: Dining Destinations Find 20+ of our favorite places to eat Downtown and how to pair your meal with a show at our star-studded Cultural District. Reservations Recommended Downtown: Market Square Join us on a walk around this shop and restaurant filled block then explore Point State Park, PPG Place and more just a short walk away. The Heart of Downtown Oakland: Colleges & Culture This handy guide for college students doubles as your insider's guide to Oakland's incredible museums, parks and nearby neighborhoods. Student Life Done Right Credit | David DiCello The Strip District: A Local Pittsburgh Favorite Discover a foodie heaven bursting with local flavor from street food to internationally acclaimed restaurants. The Strip is a Must-Visit Millvale: Reinvented The story of an industrial mill town reimagined with fantastic breweries, local shopping and community festivals. Why We Love Millvale Homewood: Black History & Change We take you on the Homewood Experience arts and culture walk through this predominantly Black neighborhood and discover rich history and the path forward. A Black Culture Hub Bloomfield: Pittsburgh’s Little Italy As every neighborhood around it modernizes, Bloomfield stays true to its roots with authentic cuisine, community festivals and chain-free shopping you'll be charmed by. Molto Bene Lawrenceville: Art, Music & More Find hidden gems, classic entertainment, trendy music venues and more in the hippest part of town. Lawrenceville Love Letter North Shore: Games & Concerts If you're in the North Shore, you're likely visiting for a big game or concert in our stadium district. So this guide helps you find pre-game fun at bars, restaurants, shopping and… Renegades Wanted Insider’s Guide: The Terminal This former five-block-long produce facility has transformed into a destination you'll need an entire day to enjoy! Always Something New Northside & North Shore Family Fun Must-see museums. The National Aviary. World-class concert venues. Dining for all ages. The North Shore is a one-stop shop for trips with little ones. Live Like a Local Northside Music Festival A look at the signature festival that helps define what makes our Deutschtown neighborhood so special Let's Rock Pittsburgh: 90 Unique Neighborhoods, One Welcoming City See below for a list of all 90 unique neighborhoods that make up Pittsburgh. Click any of the links to explore things to do, places to eat and more in that neighborhood. More neighborhood guides are being developed each month. Allegheny Center Allegheny West Allentown Arlington Arlington Heights Banksville Bedford Dwellings Beechview Beltzhoover Bloomfield Bluff Bon Air Brighton Heights Brookline California Kirkbride Carrick Central Lawrenceville Central North Side Central Oakland Chartiers City Chateau Crafton Heights Crawford-Roberts Downtown Duquesne Heights East Allegheny East Carnegie East Hills East Liberty Elliott Esplen Fairywood Fineview Friendship Garfield Glen Hazel Greenfield Hays Hazelwood Highland Park Homewood North Homewood South Homewood West Knoxville Larimer Lincoln-Lemington-Belmar Lincoln Place Lower Lawrenceville Manchester Marshall-Shadeland Middle Hill Morningside Mount Oliver Mount Washington New Homestead North Oakland North Shore Northview Heights Oakwood Overbrook Perry North Perry South Point Breeze Point Breeze North Polish Hill Regent Square Ridgemont Shadyside Sheraden South Oakland South Shore South Side Flats South Side Slopes Spring Garden Spring Hill-City View Squirrel Hill North Squirrel Hill South St. Clair Stanton Heights Strip District Summer Hill Swisshelm Park Terrace Village Troy Hill Upper Hill Upper Lawrenceville West End West Oakland West Wood Windgap Authentic Experiences Things to Do A City of Multitudes Learn More Events & Festivals ​There's always something happening in Pittsburgh. Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

2026 NFL Draft | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Countdown to 2026 NFL Draft Pittsburgh IT'S YOUR TURN TO CLOCK IN! Want to attend the 2026 NFL Draft in style? Head to the official countdown clock on the Great Lawn outside of Acrisure Stadium and "clock in." Follow the steps below to be entered into a giveaway for a VIP 2026 NFL Draft Bundle , complete with tickets to exclusive events happening during the Draft, merch, and leisure tickets designed to help you explore Pittsburgh beyond the Draft. How to enter for a chance to be our Featured Fan and win a VIP 2026 NFL Draft Bundle: 📸 Take a photo or video with the clock - the more creative, the better! 📱 Post your photos and videos on social media with the hashtag #2026NFLDraft (don't forget to tag us and the Steelers !) 📣 Say or caption: "I'm clocking in! Your turn!" 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Nominate three friends to do the same! Everyone who posts has the chance to be our monthly Featured Fan, and all Featured Fans will receive a swag bag, guaranteed to jumpstart your excitement for the NFL Draft in the Steel City. Be a Featured Fan! Welcome to Pittsburgh A city where mighty bridges stand for strength, progress and innovation. Where three rivers meet in a golden triangle forging a proud legacy of tenacity, grit and determination. Steel City. The City of Champions. Birthplace of Legends. Powered by heart and soul, Pittsburgh is a place where football is not just a sport, it's a way of life. It's the perfect place to host the NFL Draft. See you in the city where champions are born, see you in Pittsburgh on April 23-25, 2026! Plan Your Trip Things to Do A City of Multitudes Learn More Hotels & Resorts No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. Learn More Game Day Bars in Pittsburgh One of the best sports cities in the nation has some great sports bars to go… Learn More Neighborhoods ​Pittsburgh is not only defined by its skyline and its sports teams, but also by its… Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Learn More 2026 NFL Draft Fan Guide City of Champions The Burgh’s Black & Gold Learn More Steelers Nation, Here We Go! Learn More Pittsburgh: A Sports Destination Learn More Pittsburgh Sports Learn More Latest NFL Draft News 2026 NFL Draft Media Center Learn More Pittsburgh Organizing Committee See you in the city where champions are born, see you in Pittsburgh on April 23-25, 2026! Learn More Get Your Gear Get your 2026 NFL Draft gear from the Steelers Pro Shop. Learn More 2026 NFL Draft | OnePass Fill out the form and download NFL OnePass to be the first to know how to… Learn More Frequently Asked Questions Learn More Stay in Touch Interested in learning more about the 2026 NFL Draft? Sign up to be notified of the latest information. First Name Last Name Email I am interested in finding out more about: Volunteering opportunities General updates and news I would like stay up to date on the latest events and happenings. Yes, sign me up for newsletters from VisitPITTSBURGH and SportsPITTSBURGH reCAPTCHA Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Meet in Pittsburgh | Pittsburgh's Business Events Team | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Make Plans to Meet in Pittsburgh Discover Pittsburgh venues, experiences and activities that will make your event a success. Pittsburgh is a major meetings destination, and we have what you need to make your event successful. Of course, the city boasts breathtaking skyline views, award-winning restaurants, a thriving arts and culture scene, fantastic hotel accommodations and so much more, but it’s Pittsburgh experiences that make it ideal for your next meeting. Pictured | Green roof at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center The Perfect Fit Pittsburgh offers a fantastic selection of unique venues to host your next event. From the David L. Lawrence Convention Center and our world-class hotels , to our exceptional outdoor offerings like the Gateway Clipper Fleet and The Frick Pittsburgh and more, the perfect fit for your next event is in Pittsburgh. From initial inquiries to follow up, and everything in between, Pittsburgh's Business Events Team is here to help. Reach out to our team of experts for the support you need to plan a meeting you’ll never forget. When you’re ready to meet, we will be prepared and excited to show you the safe way to gather in welcoming, friendly Pittsburgh. Meet in Pittsburgh Discover the many reasons to host your event in Pittsburgh. Learn More Hotels Pittsburgh offers many options when it comes to hotels, resorts and accommodations. Learn More Event Services Let our event services team help make your next meeting unforgettable. Learn More Marketing Toolkit Pittsburgh's Business Events Team is committed to making your job easier and providing the expertise to… Learn More Meeting Spaces Pittsburgh has plenty of opportunities to amaze your guests.​ Learn More Suppliers Find local suppliers to help make your meeting a success. Learn More Submit RFP Let us know when you are ready to book. Learn More Meet the Team Contact our team to make planning your meeting or convention as easy as possible. Learn More It’s Back to Business in Pittsburgh Learn More Behind the Scenes with LEVY Convention Centers Executive Chef Dominique Metcalfe Learn More What’s New in Pittsburgh Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Meet in Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Meet in Pittsburgh Discover the many reasons to host your event in Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh is a must-see destination full of unique venues, attractions, restaurants and activities that are sure to wow your attendees. Add to that the iconic David L. Lawrence Convention Center , an incredible array of accommodations and an engaged hospitality community and services team, and you’ve got the ideal meeting destination. In This Section Pittsburgh Industries & Corporations Learn More Hotels Learn More Meeting Spaces Learn More David L. Lawrence Convention Center Learn More Things to Do Learn More Places to Dine Learn More Easy Travel Learn More Celebration of Diversity in Pittsburgh Learn More Three City Collective Learn More Reasons to Meet Here Connections Pittsburgh is filled with innovative thought leaders and industry champions. From key markets segments in the region including technology, manufacturing, healthcare, education and everything in between, our team can make the connections you need for engaging speakers and community leaders to help you deliver ground-breaking meetings. Hotels and Unique Venues Whether you’re hosting a small gathering or a city-wide event, Pittsburgh has a wide array of accommodations and meeting venues to satisfy your need. Our 1.5 million-square-foot, Platinum LEED®-Certified David L. Lawrence Convention Center is a point of pride. Pictured | David L. Lawrence Convention Center Pictured | David L. Lawrence Convention Center Things to Do and Dining Your attendees will find this array of distinct attractions , restaurants and activities . Discover magnificent museums like The Andy Warhol Museum, fun-filled events like the award-winning Picklesburgh , historic sites like Saint Anthony Chapel , which is home to a record 5,000 Catholic relics, and an arts & culture scene unlike any other. Convenient Travel Pittsburgh convenient location makes for less than six hours of travel by car or train from Washington, D.C., Canada, and 10 other states. For those interested in flying, the award-winning Pittsburgh International Airport serves more than 8 million passengers annually, with nonstop destinations continually on the rise. Sustainable Innovation Once known for manufacturing, Pittsburgh is now a hub for technology, medicine, and education. Come see why industry giants like Facebook, Google and Uber, as well as home-grown tech companies like Duolingo and Argo AI are choosing to land in Pittsburgh. With the shift in industries, Pittsburgh also became a sustainability focused city and a top-10 city for certified green building space . Downtown Vitality IndexPGH is a new and one-of-its-kind digital dashboard that provides monthly updates on the well-being and vitality of downtown Pittsburgh – the heart of our entire 10-county region and an important economic center, with authentic and transparent data collected by the Allegheny Conference. A Welcoming City Pittsburgh’s diversity and 90 vibrant neighborhoods make our region an inclusive option to consider when planning your next meeting or event. Discover Pittsburgh's diverse communities, amazing list of Black-owned businesses and our award-winning events including Barrel & Flow, Pittsburgh Pride Revolution and so much more Success Stories Hear from your peers and the experiences they’ve had hosting events in Pittsburgh. Rubber Division, Lakisha Miller-Barclay NAFA Institute & Expo, Bill Shankel EDSpaces: Designing the Future of Education American Physical Society, Hunter Clemens Submit RFP Let us know when you are ready to book. Learn More Meet the Team Contact our team to make planning your meeting or convention as easy as possible. Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Hotels | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Hotels Pittsburgh offers many options when it comes to hotels, resorts and accommodations. Pittsburgh offers a wide selection of world-class accommodations representing all of the major brands that are sure to leave your attendees with an exceptional lasting impression. Many of the properties, including several new hotels, are within walking distance of the David L. Lawrence Convention Center . Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings. Authentic Experiences Submit RFP Let us know when you are ready to book. Learn More Meet the Team Contact our team to make planning your meeting or convention as easy as possible. Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

Pittsburgh PA Destination Services | Pittsburgh Meetings and Events | Visit Pittsburgh Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 59 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Pittsburgh & Its Countryside Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods 2026 NFL Draft Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Event Services Let our event services team help make your next meeting unforgettable. From the moment you select Pittsburgh until your last delegate departs, Pittsburgh's Business Events team stands ready to assist you with a variety of services including promotions, community awareness and public relations, Housing Reservation Services, volunteer recruitment, venue recommendations , supplier recommendations and various collateral requests. In This Section Housing Reservation Services Learn More Connecting Companies with Community Learn More Suppliers Learn More Marketing Toolkit Learn More Event Planning Services Local Venues and Suppliers Whether you're planning an event for 20 or 20,000, we'll help you find the perfect venue , suppliers and transportation providers to meet your every needs. Housing Reservation Services Pittsburgh's Business Events Team offers group housing reservation services for your multi-hotel event. We partner with Orchid.Events to provide you with a seamless booking experience for your attendees. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) If one of your objectives is to positively impact the society and/or environment surrounding your event, VisitPITTSBURGH can connect you with local organizations to help you reach your Corporate Social Responsibility goals. WELCOME PITTSBURGH Information Center and Gift Shop David L. Lawrence Convention Center Attendees can explore their dining and sightseeing options at the WELCOME PITTSBURGH Information Center and Gift Shop at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center . From maps to restaurant menus and VisitPITTSBURGH’s latest See & Do Guide, the information center and gift shop has everything visitors need in a convenient location. The storefront also offers a variety of Pittsburgh merchandise, including souvenirs like postcards, magnets and pens, as well as products from local attractions such as Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin Science Center, The Frick Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Glass Center and Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra. WELCOME PITTSBURGH is your one-stop shop for information and that special something for family and friends back home! For events not using the David L. Lawrence Convention Center, there is still an opportunity to utilize a staffed Pittsburgh Welcome Booth for attendees. This on-site service is available on a complimentary basis to events with 1,000 or more delegates. The Welcome Booth also can be available to groups with fewer than 1,000 attendees for a nominal fee. Marketing Assistance It's easy to show your delegates why they should attend your Pittsburgh event. We can provide you with a wide array of promotional materials to help market your event in Pittsburgh. From one pagers, web copy, promotional videos and a social media toolkit to teaser brochures and hard copy visitor guides, our marketing materials are a huge resource as you announce Pittsburgh as your next destination. Explore the Marketing Toolkit for all your needs! Additional promotional tools including customized maps, a photo library and other brochures are available upon request. Community Awareness & PR Prior to your event, we prepare key members of our community such as public safety officials, transportation providers and restauranteurs for your group's arrival. Preparations may include a planning bulletin and/or pre-convention meeting. Welcome signs will greet your attendees at the Pittsburgh International Airport and throughout the city. Upon request, we would be happy to obtain personalized welcome letters from Public Officials for your event program. Should you require public relations assistance, we would be happy to call upon our Communications Department, who may be able to assist with press releases, news conference coordination and media kits. They can also provide editorial content about Pittsburgh for your website. Submit RFP Let us know when you are ready to book. Learn More Meet the Team Contact our team to make planning your meeting or convention as easy as possible. Learn More Meet in Pittsburgh Discover the many reasons to host your event in Pittsburgh. Learn More Hotels Pittsburgh offers many options when it comes to hotels, resorts and accommodations. Learn More Meeting Spaces Pittsburgh has plenty of opportunities to amaze your guests.​ Learn More Business Events Blog An insider’s look at how Pittsburgh fits into your future plans. Learn More Customer Success Your successful event makes Pittsburgh shine even brighter. Learn More This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map

